Office of the President | The Johns Hopkins University Skip Navigation JHU Home About JHU Admissions Schools Academics Research Campus Life Athletics Giving Alumni Office of the President | Johns Hopkins University Office of the President Home About President Daniels Overview Speeches, messages and videos Download Approved Photography Past Presidents Ten by Twenty Frequently Asked Questions University Leadership Contact Ten by Twenty This document sets forth an initial draft of priorities and goals for the university through the year 2020. Share your thoughts. Read more » One University Johns Hopkins University is built on a foundation of great schools, but it is from our identity as one great university that we draw our strength. Read more » Individual Excellence Johns Hopkins nurtures an environment in which individuals can grow, discover and achieve. Read more » Community Johns Hopkins University is truly and proudly of Baltimore, and our faculty, staff and students contribute to the community in ways large and small. Read more » Institution Building President Daniels is committed to investing in key academic priorities and strengthening Johns Hopkins for tomorrow's faculty, staff and students. Read more » Welcome One of the perks of being president of Johns Hopkins University is that I have the privilege of witnessing, every day, the joy and promise of discovery. Johns Hopkins is the nation's first research university, the birthplace of modern medical education and the first U.S. university to introduce the seminar. We're proud of that legacy, but we never rest on our laurels. Discovery is the heart and soul of what we do at Johns Hopkins — and there's so much left to uncover. Focus On: Henderson-Hopkins School Community members and public figures, including Gov. Martin O Malley, celebrated the opening of a new Johns Hopkins partnership school in East Baltimore. Watch the video In President Daniels' Own Words History has shown that it is often the youngest scientists who defy orthodoxy and shatter paradigms. More on the op-ed in the WSJ » Find more speeches and messages » University News Johns Hopkins University Legal Accessibility Statement University Contacts © Johns Hopkins University Office of the President 242 Garland Hall The Johns Hopkins University 3400 N. Charles St. Baltimore, MD 21218 Phone: 410-516-8068 Fax: 410-516-6097 president@jhu.edu