Office of the Provost | The Johns Hopkins University Skip Navigation JHU Home About JHU Admissions Schools Academics Research Campus Life Athletics Giving Alumni Office of the Provost | Johns Hopkins University Office of the Provost Home About the Provost Reports and Resources Bloomberg Distinguished Professorships President's Frontier Award Provost's Initiatives Doctor of Philosophy Board Rights and Responsibilities Doctoral Board Oral Exam Reports Events Agendas Minutes Gateway Sciences Initiative Grants Symposium on Teaching Excellence Faculty Forum on Teaching Resources Contact Individualized Health Initiative Ph.D. Innovation Initiative Provost's Fellows Provost's Project on Innovation PURA: Provost's Undergraduate Research Awards APPLY NOW About PURA Eligibility PURA Dates PURA Application Guidelines PURA Faculty Sponsor Information PURA Selection Process PURA Award Process PURA Poster Session and Recognition Ceremony Current PURA Awardees Social Determinants of Health Symposium Urban Health Institute, Ancillary Events Task Force on Academic Freedom Programs and Services Accreditation and Academic Services University MSCHE (hidden) MHEC (hidden) DC/ELC (hidden) SCHEV (hidden) School Digital Initiatives Faculty Affairs Academic Leadership Program - Session 1 (hidden) Academic Leadership Program - Session 2 (hidden) Academic Leadership Program - Session 3 (hidden) Academic Leadership Program - Session 4 (hidden) Academic Leadership Program - Session 5 (hidden) Academic Leadership Program - Session 6 (hidden) Graduate Programs Information Technology Institutional Equity Institutional Research International Programs International Students and Scholars Research Risk Crisis Management Student Affairs Student Right to Know Academic and Cultural Centers Past Provosts Contact the Provost's Office Robert C. Lieberman Welcome The provost is the chief academic officer and second-ranking member of the senior administration, responsible for promoting and coordinating the university’s teaching and research mission. The provost’s primary responsibility is to oversee the university’s nine schools as well as its many interdisciplinary programs, academic centers, and institutes. The provost develops and implements strategic initiatives with the president, and works with the deans and directors in the creation and oversight of interdivisional programs and the coordination of the university’s regional, national, and international activities. The provost is the secretary of the Board of Trustees Committee on Academic Policy and the Committee on Student Life. Bloomberg Distinguished Professorships The Bloomberg Distinguished Professorships will serve as the cornerstone of an ambitious effort to advance cross-disciplinary work across the University. Ph.D. Innovation Initiative The Ph.D. Symposium generated energy and enthusiasm around the subject of Ph.D. education. To capture that excitement, the Doctor of Philosophy Board is launching an initiative supporting Ph.D. education innovation. Faculty Innovation Stories Read stories and watch videos about some of Johns Hopkins University's most innovative faculty members. Johns Hopkins University Legal Accessibility Statement University Contacts © Johns Hopkins University Office of the Provost 265 Garland Hall The Johns Hopkins University 3400 N. Charles St. Baltimore, MD 21218 Phone: 410-516-8070 Fax: 410-516-8035