Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies - SAIS The Paul H. Nitze School of Advanced International Studies ACADEMICS Faculty Directory Degrees and Programs Part-Time and Non-Degree Programs M.A. Areas of Study Language Studies Executive Education Summer Programs ADMISSIONS Meet Us Tuition and Aid Apply Contact Us RESEARCH Faculty Directory Centers Institutes Initiatives SAIS Libraries CAREER SERVICES Planning and Resources Skills Development Employment Outcomes For Employers GIVING LOCATIONS Washington, D.C. Bologna, Italy Nanjing, China About Us News Regional Perspectives on Aid for Trade, a new book published by Michael G. Plummer, director and Eni professor of International Economics, SAIS Europe. Read the Story Kurdistan: From Pawn to Player Minister Falah Mustafa Bakir, head of the Department of Foreign Relations of Kurdistan s regional government discussed Kurdistan s foreign policy and relations with the international community. Read the Story Human Rights in North Korea and U.S. Policy Ambassador Robert King, special envoy for North Korean Human Rights Issues at the US State Department; Greg Scarlatoiu, executive director at the Committee for Human Rights in North Korea; and Daniel Aum, Donald Wilson Fellow at the RFK Center for Justice and Human Rights discussed this topic. Read the Story Venture Capitalism in the Global Economy Kevin Kinsella, SAIS alumnus and founder of Avalon Ventures, shared insights from his career in venture capitalism. Read the Story Global Policy Program (GPP) SAIS has extended its degree programs with the launch of a new Master of Arts in Global Policy Program (GPP) for experienced professionals. Read the Story SAIS Europe About half of our students spend their first year at SAIS Europe in Bologna, Italy, getting exposed to contrasting European and U.S. perspectives on global issues. Read the Story A Unique Partnership in China The Hopkins-Nanjing Center for Chinese and American Studies (HNC) opened in 1986 as a one-of-a-kind educational collaboration. Read the Story SAIS NOW Filter By: News s Ronan Farrow about the U.S.-Pakistan counterterrorism alliance in light of the Peshawar school attack. Read More Lisa Mensah ‘85 has been confirmed as the new Under Secretary of USDA Rural Development. Read More Joel Wit, founder of SAIS USKI s 38 North offers insight on the U.S.-North Korea relationship following North Korea’s apparent hand in the hacking of the Sony Corporation. Read More SAIS Perspectives - a student-run publication of SAIS International Development Program hosted a photo exhibit to celebrate the launch of its new online magazine and blog. Photo credit: Jennifer Majer Read More John McLaughlin, SAIS Strategic Studies scholar and former C.I.A. director, appeared on C-SPAN s Washington Journal to offer insight on the Senate C.I.A. Interrogation Report. Watch Video Piero Gleijeses, SAIS scholar of Cuban foreign policy offers perspective on historic shift in U.S.-Cuba relations. Read More Jeffrey Raider, SAIS 04, talks about co-founding startups, Warby Parker and Harry s. Read More Souad Mekhennet, a Fellow at SAIS s Foreign Policy Institute co-authored the story of a Berlin Mosque s battle to save youths from the pull of extremists. Read More Benedicta Marzinotto spoke about new trends in European macroeconomic governance. See Seminar Report Join the SAIS community! Apply today for an M.A., M.I.E.F, M.A.I.A or Diploma in International Studies. The application deadline is January 7. Learn More SAIS students Jeff Bond and Mark Maples at Morgan Stanley during a Career Trek to NYC. Learn more about the flexible Master of International Public Policy and Master of Arts in Global Policy Program designed for experienced professionals. Click Here MIEF candidates learned about the challenges facing the global economy while attending the WBG/IMF Annual Meetings between classes. Learn More About MIEF SAIS relationships extend beyond the classroom! The SAIS Outdoors Collective held an overnight camping trip at the Elizabeth Furnace Recreational Area in Fort Valley, VA. The Hopkins-Nanjing Center is excited to announce several new fellowship opportunities for students applying to attend the HNC in fall 2015.  Read More The Paul H. Nitze School of Advanced International Studies Contact Accessibility Legal Employment Student Right to Know Johns Hopkins University Follow Us Washington Nitze Building 1740 Massachusetts Ave., N.W. Washington, D.C. 20036 +1.202.663.5600 Europe Bologna Center Via Belmeloro, 11 40126 Bologna, Italy +39.051.2917.811 Nanjing Hopkins-Nanjing Center Nanjing University Nanjing Jiangsu Province 210093 People’s Republic of China +1.800.362.6546 +1.202.663.5800 +86.25.8359.2436 Johns Hopkins University