MIT OpenCourseWare | Free Online Course Materials Subscribe to the OCW Newsletter Help | Contact Us Courses Find courses by: Topic MIT Course Number Department Collections Audio/Video Lectures Online Textbooks New Courses Most Visited Courses OCW Scholar Courses This Course at MIT Supplemental Resources Cross-Disciplinary Topic Lists Energy Entrepreneurship Environment Introductory Programming Life Sciences Transportation Translated Courses / Traditional Chinese / Simplified Chinese Espa ol / Spanish Portugu s / Portuguese / Thai / Persian T rk e / Turkish ( ) / Korean More... About About MIT OpenCourseWare Site Stats OCW Stories Media Coverage Newsletter Press Releases OCW's Next Decade Donate Make a Donation Why Donate? Become a Course Champion Our Supporters Other Ways to Contribute Shop OCW Become a Corporate Sponsor Featured Sites Highlights for High School OCW Educator MITx Courses on edX Teaching Excellence at MIT Open Education Consortium Advanced Search Photo Credit: Timo Newton-Syms Please remember OCW in your end-of-the-year giving. Photo Credit: Sonny Abesamis Please remember OCW in your end-of-the year giving. Photo Credit: Retina: MIT OpenCourseWare. Ear: NIH Medical Arts (public domain) 9.04 Sensory Systems Photo credit: usr.c on Flickr. Unlocking Knowledge, Empowering Minds. Free lecture notes, exams, and videos from MIT. No registration required. Photo Credit: Courtesy of Juliana Cristina on Flickr. Understanding Uncertainty New OCW Scholar course on probability, designed specifically for independent learners. U.Lab: Transforming Business, Society, and Self Photo Credit: rachel_thecat on Flickr New Courses For Fall Featured Courses View All Courses Video Introductory Biology New Field Seminar in Comparative Politics Introductory Effective Programming in C and C++ New Atmospheric Chemistry New Animal Behavior Video Quantum Physics I Editor's Pick Computer Graphics New Transmedia Storytelling: Modern Science Fiction Introductory How to Stage a Revolution Video Calculus Revisited: Single Variable Calculus New Introduction to System Dynamics Editor's Pick The American Novel: Stranger and Stranger New Gender, Power, Leadership, and the Workplace Editor's Pick Modeling and Assessment for Policy Popular Creating Video Games Editor's Pick Project Laboratory in Mathematics Meet Our Instructors Gilbert Strang Michael Cuthbert Eric Klopfer Prof. Gilbert Strang Professor of Mathematics A big part of my life is to open mathematics to students everywhere. I'm very supportive of the whole idea of making these courses available to people around the world. Everyone has the capacity to learn mathematics, and if you can offer a little bit of guidance, the process of discovery is so valuable. Michael Cuthbert MIT Associate Professor of Music OCW can be valuable for faculty who are creating their own courses. It allows anyone to get an inside look at how other professors are organizing and teaching their classes. Prof. Eric Klopfer MIT Professor, Director of the Scheller Teacher Education Program We re going to see a shift away from very passive forms of learning, where students are the consumers... OCW makes the materials used in the teaching of MIT's subjects available on the Web. Courses Find by Topic Find by Course Number Find by Department Audio/Video Courses Online Textbooks New Courses Most Visited Courses OCW Scholar Courses This Course at MIT Supplemental Resources Translated Courses About About OpenCourseWare Site Stats OCW Stories Media Coverage Newsletter Press Releases OCW's Next Decade Donate Make a Donation Why Donate? Become a Course Champion Our Supporters Other Ways to Contribute Shop OCW Become a Corporate Sponsor Featured Sites Highlights for High School OCW Educator MITx Courses on edX Teaching Excellence at MIT Open Education Consortium Tools Help FAQs Contact Us Advanced Search Site Map Privacy Terms of Use RSS Feeds About MIT OpenCourseWare makes the materials used in the teaching of almost all of MIT's subjects available on the Web, free of charge. With more than 2,200 courses available, OCW is delivering on the promise of open sharing of knowledge. 2001 2014 Massachusetts Institute of Technology Your use of the MIT OpenCourseWare site and materials is subject to our Creative Commons License and other terms of use . Our Corporate Supporters