MITx Office of Digital Learning Home About Blog Contact --> Home About Faculty Students Help In the News Research xTalks Home About Blog Contact --> Blog MITx The MITx team is charged with supporting MIT’s exploration of teaching approaches enabled by digital technologies, both on the MIT campus and through scalable online courses on the edX platform.  MITx is a constituent organization of MIT’s new Office of Digital Learning, under the leadership of the Director of Digital Learning, Professor Sanjay Sarma. Register for 3.032x: Mechanical Behavior of Materials Register for CTL.SC1x: Supply Chain and Logistics Fundamentals Register for 11.126x: Introduction to Game Design The MITx team is led by TC Haldi, Director MOOC Development, Office of Digital Learning. The MITx team consists of project managers, instructional design experts, video production specialists and technicians who collaborate to support faculty in reimagining education in the digital age.  MITx also manages the MITx Fellows program, which engages undergraduates, graduates and postdoctoral students in providing subject matter expertise and instructional support for scalable online courses offered through edX. MITx also collaborates with the Teaching and Learning Lab and the Office of Educational Innovation and Technology to coordinate research on the use and effectiveness of emerging digital technologies.  Through the open sharing of data generated by MITx projects, the team helps to stimulate research that will make the next generation of learning technologies even more innovative and effective. MITx Mission The mission of MITx is to: support the use of digital learning tools and techniques in the delivery of MIT residential programs support the development of free, openly licensed, scalable, MIT-quality courses to academically talented and well prepared learners worldwide and further the understanding of best practices in emerging digital and scalable learning environments. MITx on edX MITx offers a breadth of live courses hosted on the edX platform. View a detailed list of in session, upcoming, and archived courses or explore MITx courses on edX here . Residential MITx MITx also offers support to residential courses who would like to add MOOC-like elements to their on-campus learning. MITx FAQs Find out more information on MITx and answers to  frequently asked questions from faculty, learners, and supporters. Learn more To learn more about the services and activities of MITx, please contact TC Haldi, Director MOOC Development, Office of Digital Learning at thaldi@MIT.EDU       Follow @MITxonedX Home | About | Contact Us | Help