MIT Institute Events - MIT Visitors Events Information Center MIT Visitors Commencement Community Services Conference Services Lecture series MIT150 Contact FAQ MIT Visitors Tours and general information Delegations and official visits Getting here and getting around Where to stay Where to eat Shopping and services What to do Visitor information MIT welcomes visitors to campus, and we hope you have a day to spend in Cambridge because there is a lot to see beyond the campus tours . Don't miss The interactive displays of the Corridor Lab The List Visual Arts Center Exhibits at the MIT Libraries and Archives The MIT Museum and associated galleries The Ray and Maria Stata Center The Zesiger Sports and Fitness Center Most lectures and events are open to the public: find out what is happening today on the calendars for events and Arts at MIT . Prospective students, please note that the Admissions Office has information especially for making the most of your visit . There is always something going on at MIT, and many events are free and open to the public: see the MIT Events Calendar for current listings. For more on research, initiatives, and campus news, visit MIT News online. The MIT Events and Information Center Enter the doors at 77 Massachusetts Avenue, and immediately on your right is your source for maps, directions, and answers to everything MIT. The Events and Information Center also organizes the campus tours; please visit the office's pages for more information, or call 617-253-4795. Coming for Commencement? Be sure to see the Commencement website , where you will find event-specific visitors' information, a schedule , and an FAQ . Wish you were here Is this a virtual visit? Use the time you would have spent looking for parking touring our online community. Check out MIT Story , MIT News , MIT Facts , organizations and groups , the public art collection , research by topic, and videos that include community events, public lectures, and courses. Find your place on campus: click here for an interactive map . Explore our websites, blogs, and social media worlds via MIT Connect . Get acquainted with MIT's public art collection . The gallery seen here is part of the David H. Koch Institute for Integrative Cancer Research .