Princeton University Art Museum | Skip to main content Search form Search Main menu Visit Art Learn Support About Calendar Secondary menu Register Log in In the Galleries Current Recently Acquired Exhibitions Current Upcoming | Past Sign up for our enewsletter Highlighted Events Calendar Featured Stories John Elderfield, Former Chief Curator at Museum of Modern Art, to Join the Princeton University Art Museum James Steward, director of the Princeton University Art Museum, recently announced the appointment of John Elderfield, chief curator emeritus of painting and sculpture at The Museum of Modern Art, New York, as the first Allen R. Adler, Class of 1967, Distinguished Curator and Lecturer on February 1, 2015. New campus art commission adorns Whitman College Stardust Princeton University Art Museum Takes Top Honors in National Design Competition The American Alliance of Museums (AAM) honored the New Jersey as Non-Site exhibition catalogue with its top publications design award for 2014. Authority Embodied: Nkisi Kongo across the Waters  notably presents a rich selection of Kongo  minkisi  (singular  nkisi ). A  nkisi  is a container that holds an ancestral spirit as well as empowering materials or medicines.  Pearlman Collection Embarks on International Tour The Impressionist and early modern works from the Pearlman Collection that are usually on view in the galleries of 19th- and early 20th-century art are currently traveling in a five-venue international tour entitled  Cézanne and the Modern: Masterpieces of European Art from the Pearlman Collection . The Henry and Rose Pearlman Collection Over three decades, Henry Pearlman assembled one of the finest collections of modern art remaining in private hands.  Explore the collection that has resided at the Princeton University Art Museum since 1976. Story Archive Princeton University Art Museum Princeton, NJ 08544 Get Directions Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday, 10:00 am to 5:00 pm Thursday, 10:00 am to 10:00 pm, and Sunday 1:00 to 5:00 pm Questions? View our FAQ Call (609) 258-3788 or email us . Terms and Conditions Today's Hours 1:00 pm to 5:00 pm Admission is always free. Directions:   rail , bus , car Parking and access information Maps: campus | gallery For further information call (609) 258-3788. Calendar Upcoming Events @ @ @ Collections Search the Collection Image Use and Access Policy Exhibitions Chigusa and the Art of Tea in Japan Kongo across the Waters The City Lost and Found: Capturing New York, Chicago, and Los Angeles, 1960–1980 Current Upcoming | Past Schedule a Tour or Visit Group Visits University Visits Participate Undergraduates Graduate Students Museum Docents Museum Travel Program Explore Self-Guided Family Activities Online Exhibitions Online Activities Museum Videos Mobile Tours Collections Themes Research Accessing the Collections Faculty-Curated Exhibitions Mellon Faculty Stipends Museum Voices Colloquium Artist-in-Residence Program How to Give Museum Program Support Bequests Planned Giving Gifts of Art Donate Now Annual Benefit Gala: The City Dynamic Membership Friends Partners Become a Member Corporate Leadership Director’s Welcome At a Glance History Vision and Mission Annual Report 2012-2013 Museum Store Employment Opportunities Staff Directory Press Room Today's Hours 1:00 pm to 5:00 pm Admission is always free. Directions:   rail , bus , car Parking and access information Maps: campus | gallery For further information call (609) 258-3788. Calendar Upcoming Events @ @ @