Princeton Mobile on the App Store on iTunes Search apple.com Overview Music Video Charts iTunes iTunes is the world's easiest way to organize and add to your digital media collection. We are unable to find iTunes on your computer. To download the free app Princeton Mobile by Princeton University, get iTunes now. Already have iTunes? Click I Have iTunes to open it now. iTunes for Mac + PC Princeton Mobile By Princeton University View More by This Developer Open iTunes to buy and download apps. Description Princeton Mobile is designed for anyone who wants on-the-go information or wants to stay connected to Princeton University. Features include: • News stories • Public and student events • Real-time shuttle information • The campus map • Dining locations, hours, and menus • The campus directory • Media-rich walking tours • Course listings • The library catalog, locations, and hours • Sports news, schedules, and scores And more! Note: this is a universal app, so it works on both iPhone and iPad. Princeton University Web Site Princeton Mobile Support What's New in Version 5.0.4 The updated maps Screenshots iPhone iPad Customers Also Bought UC Berkeley Mobile Education Harvard Mobile Education MIT Mobile Education Yale Education iStanford Education Free Education Dec 08, 2014 5.0.4 32.9 MB English Princeton University © The Trustees of Princeton University Rated 12+ for the following: Infrequent/Mild Mature/Suggestive Themes Infrequent/Mild Horror/Fear Themes Frequent/Intense Cartoon or Fantasy Violence Infrequent/Mild Simulated Gambling Requires iOS 6.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch. This app is optimized for iPhone 5. Customer Ratings We have not received enough ratings to display an average for the current version of this application. All Versions: Discover and share new apps. Follow us on @AppStore . Discover and share new music, movies, TV, books, and more. Follow us @iTunes and discover new iTunes Radio Stations and the music we love. Home iTunes iTunes Download iTunes Features iTunes Charts More iTunes Digital Music Basics iTunes Gifts iTunes U iPod + iTunes Support AirPlay Accessibility Working with iTunes Overview Sell Your Content Enhance Your Content Market with iTunes Link to iTunes iTunes Store Browse iTunes Store Browse App Store Buy Music Now Buy iTunes Gift Cards Redeem iTunes Gift Cards iTunes Corporate Sales Free Single of the Week visit an Apple Retail Store , or find a reseller . Apple Info Site Map Hot News RSS Feeds Contact Us Copyright 2014 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy