Overview - Arts Transit Project - Overview Skip over navigation Princeton A-Z Search Princeton Search this site Arts Transit Project Overview Overview The Arts and Transit Project will transform a space that is a nexus of both campus and community life when it is completed in 2017. New public plazas and improved traffic circulation will complement a new NJ TRANSIT Dinky station and Wawa, a restaurant, a café, other public amenities, and new University arts facilities associated with the Lewis Center for the Arts and the Department of Music . The site will make it possible to expand engagement with the arts, indoors and out, for University students, faculty and staff as well as for members of the community, in close proximity to two anchors of the Princeton community: the McCarter and Berlind theaters. Taken together, the proposed transportation improvements, retail, attractive public spaces and buildings for the arts will create a lively and attractive gateway to the Princeton area as well as to the University, and it will do so while meeting the highest possible standards of quality and sustainability in both the design and development of the site. Questions? This website provides information about the Arts and Transit Project's history , design and construction , as well as the arts at Princeton , recent news , frequently asked questions , and links to NJ TRANSIT and other transit information.  For more information, you can email us or call us at , and you can also sign up for email updates to be notified when new construction or transit information is posted to this site. For photos and updates about the building construction, visit the Arts and Transit page on the Facilities website. Current Advisories New Dinky station to open Nov. 17, Wawa opens soon after The Arts and Transit Project area has begun to transform as construction progresses (above). The new neighborhood configuration (below) will feature a village-like cluster of buildings along with plazas and landscaped open spaces. Click on images to view larger versions. © 2014 The Trustees of Princeton University Last update: November 3, 2014