Planning for Princetons Future Skip over navigation University Search Home Home Princeton University's strategic planning process is organized around a set of key questions about challenges and opportunities facing the University. To answer these questions effectively, a variety of board committees and campus task forces  are gathering data and formulating recommendations about topics that are important to the planning process. The University's planning process will require broad input from the Princeton community. Princeton students, faculty, staff, alumni, families and friends are invited to share feedback through an online form throughout the process. UPDATES: As the process evolves, new task forces   and reports will be added to this site, so please check back periodically. Letter from the President In January 2014, the Trustees of Princeton University launched a strategic planning process to guide the University as it makes choices about how best to pursue its teaching and research mission. The goal of this process is to create a flexible, iterative and practical framework for allocating University resources and prioritizing new initiatives. Inspired by the public service ideals of Woodrow Wilson, Princeton's 13th president and the 28th president of the United States, our strategic planning process will address four "key questions," each of them with many important subsidiaries. How best can Princeton sustain teaching and research excellence that makes a difference in the world? What new academic initiatives should Princeton pursue to address long-term issues of fundamental importance? What must we do to make service central to the mission of the University? How can Princeton enable more undergraduate and graduate students to contribute to the world? The strategic planning process will occur at multiple levels, involving trustees, faculty members, students, staff, and alumni and friends of the University. We anticipate that the process will conclude by the beginning of 2016. For more information about strategic planning at the University, I invite you to browse the information on this website and ask that you return often, as information will be updated as planning proceeds. I look forward to providing periodic public updates on our work and I encourage members of the University community to share questions, comments or ideas throughout the process. All best wishes, Christopher L. Eisgruber '83   © 2014 The Trustees of Princeton University · Last update: November 11, 2014