Home | College and Graduate School of Arts and Sciences, University of Virginia Search form Search Arts Sciences Office of the Dean Admissions, Tuition Financial Aid, Enrollment Rankings Faculty Forward Academics Academic Departments Programs Degree Programs Centers Institutes Resources News Publications Reports The College The Graduate School Give UVA Homepage Contact For Faculty Staff Dynamic Support The Rhodes Journey As difficult as it may be to win a Rhodes scholarship ­– only 32 Rhodes Scholars are chosen nationwide each year – a remarkable number of U.Va. graduates have accomplished the feat. Read More Stories Focused Research Developing Brain Power Neuroscience undergraduate programs prepare scholars for life in the lab. Dynamic Support A Deeper Bond College first years forge long-lasting, rewarding academic relationships with unique faculty-led College Advising Seminars. News Arts in Action: 10 Highlights From a Blockbuster Arts Season During the fall semester the creative spirit was clearly evident across Grounds in a multitude of arts exhibits, talks, performances, projects and initiatives. ’Twas the Year 2014 in Faculty Books Faculty members published an eclectic mix of books in 2014, covering subjects from black leadership to young adult development, from the history of algebra to the significance of football. A few prolific professors produced two books in the same year. Kucenas, Cushman Named 2015 Outstanding Faculty by SCHEV English professor Stephen Cushman and biology professor Sarah Kucenas have received Virginia's highest honor for professors, the Outstanding Faculty Award. More news Notes Graduate School Application Deadline January 15, for doctoral and master's degree programs in select fields. Discover more Spring Semester 2015 Classes begin Monday, January 12. Discover more January Term 2015 January 2-10 Discover more Undergraduate Admission Application Deadline January 1, 2015 Discover more Notes from Peabody The U.Va. Admission Blog Notable Alumni John Charles Thomas (Government '72, Law '77), Attorney and First African-American Justice on the Supreme Court of Virginia Faculty Forward More than 200 new faculty. It’s our time to make history. Arts Sciences Facts Figures Office of the Dean The College Foundation Academics Centers Degrees Departments Resources News Publications Faculty Staff SIS UVa Email UVaCollab Undergraduate Graduate Give Report a Web Issue 2014 by the Rector Visitors of the University of Virginia. Maintained by UVa Arts Sciences Communications. Contact Us You are using an outdated browser. Consider upgrading for a faster, safer experience of the web and to enjoy its latest features.