University of Virginia School of Law LawWeb Directory Email ABA Required Disclosures News For Media C'ville UVA UVA Law Innocence Project to File Motion for DNA Testing in 'Serial' Murder Case, Keep Investigating Final Episode of Podcast Reveals Alternate Suspect, New Developments More | Listen NEWS | PODCASTS Tweets by @UVALaw All Tweets > --> --> Professor Kerry Abrams discusses the evolution of gay marriage laws in the past decade. --> Professor Kerry Abrams discusses the evolution of gay marriage laws in the past decade. IN FOCUS Learn the stories behind the faces at the Law School in our new tumblr, Humans of UVA Law . More> IN FOCUS Virginia, Harvard, Stanford and Yale contributed the most clerks to the U.S. Supreme Court from 2005-14. More> IN FOCUS The Access to Justice Partnership, which pairs UVA law students with local attorneys to provide free legal services, has helped more than 290 clients in two years. More> IN FOCUS A bill championed by two UVA law students will help protect unsuspecting victims from immigration consultant fraud. More> IN FOCUS UVA law professor Richard Bonnie has met with federal officials and contributed to a national conversation on gun control and mental illness. More> IN FOCUS Members of the Black Law Students Association recently traveled to Liberia to raise awareness of human trafficking. More> IN FOCUS Students argue a mock appellate case before a panel of judges in the culmination of the Legal Research and Writing course. Video> IN FOCUS UVA Law's externships program allows students to earn credit while interning for nonprofit or government employers. More> IN FOCUS Professor Brandon Garrett has studied how many Virginia law enforcement agencies are failing to adopt best practices in lineup policies. More> IN FOCUS Several UVA Law students recently traveled to Ghana to examine human rights as Cowan Fellows. More> IN FOCUS A team of UVA law students placed first in the 2014 Jean-Pictet International Humanitarian Law Competition in Portugal. More> IN FOCUS The newly named John W. Glynn, Jr. Law --> January Term Classes Begin Legal Theory Workshop with Anna Stilz, Noon, Faculty Lounge Claim Construction Hearing - TLI Communications Patent Litigation, 2 p.m., Caplin Auditorium Law Statistics J.D. Application