University of Virginia Library Jump to: Main content Main navigation Search Accessibility Services U.Va. Links U.Va. Home Account Links Contact Us My Account University of Virginia Library Search for Books, Journals, Articles, and Databases Search Virgo Search More Virgo Options Journal Finder Databases A-Z Libra Site Search U.Va. Library Main Navigation Home About Libraries Labs The U.Va. Library has 12 facilities and also shares its catalog with the Darden, Health Sciences, and Law libraries. In addition to physical buildings and collections, the Library offers digital resources, specialized labs, and other services to help you in your academic work. Explore Libraries Labs Use the Library Room Reservations Library Hours Study Spaces Policies More Information Subject Librarians Blogs Social Media Our Organization Library News Strategic Directions Collections Research Services Navigate to: -- Select Page -- About the Library ▼ -- Libraries Labs -- Room Reservations -- Library Hours -- Study Spaces -- Use Policies -- Subject Librarians -- Blogs Social Media -- Our Organization -- Library in the News Collections Research Services Improve Your Research In addition to the online catalog, Virgo , the Library offers subject guides as well as in-person help. Our list of databases and journal finder tools can also help you find specific articles, datasets, and more. Virgo Research Guides Databases A Z Journal Finder Library Instruction Explore All Research Resources Find Spaces Services Need to scan a document or simply find a place to study? The Library offers services and consultations for research projects of all kinds, and our thirteen libraries offer a variety of spaces for solitary or group work. Map of the Libraries Room Reservations Scanning LEO Delivery Interlibrary Loan Explore All Services Support. Engage. Connect. Contribute your time or resources, take advantage of access for alumni and community members, and join us on social media. Volunteer Alumni Services Community Patrons Give Now Join us: Twitter Facebook Pinterest More Exhibitions The Library's new exhibitions interface features dozens of exhibitions from the mid 1990s to the present. Check back as new exhibitions are added and past exhibitions are updated and republished. Browse All Exhibitions On the Map: The Seymour I. Schwartz Collection of North American Maps, 1500–1800 Maps of North America printed during the three centuries after European contact illustrate not only the great strides in scientific, technological, and geographical knowledge during this period, but also express the aesthetic tastes, political agendas, and economic ambitions of those who made and used maps as they shaped the modern world. These rare and treasured documents offer insights into past human experience and attract people with diverse historical interests, who continue to find new ways to read old maps. In celebration of Dr. Seymour I. Schwartz’s pledged bequest of his collection of American maps, this exhibit features highlights from the more than 200 rare, historic items in the collection. More News, Events, Latest Exhibits Have questions? Need help? University of Virginia Library Phone: 434.924.3021 Email: ibr virg ni .edu Chat now Elsewhere at the Library More About the Library Hours Staff Directory Jobs Fellowships Internships Press Give to the Library Library hours during inclement weather events: When the University announces a weather-related closing: If classes are in session: Alderman will be open 10 a.m. to 10 p.m. If classes are not in session ("intersession"): Alderman will be open 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. These schedules may change, so please call the U.Va. Hotline at 434-924-7669 or 243-7669 before starting out. Using the Library Library Use Policies Off-Grounds Access Library ITS Accounts Accessibility Services Initiatives Libra Project Hydra Other Sites UVaCollab SIS ITS Cavalier Advantage U.Va. Home Library Staff Site 2014 by the Rector and Visitors of the University of Virginia FDLP This library is a Congressionally designated depository for U.S. Government documents . Public access to the Government documents is guaranteed by public law. Tracking Opt-out University of Virginia Library, P.O. Box 400113, Charlottesville, VA 22904-4113 (Parcel Service Delivery: Alderman Library, 160 McCormick Road, Charlottesville, VA 22903)