Darden School of Business: University of Virginia: MBA, EMBA, Exec Ed Advanced Search Ideas Innovation   A Practical Primer On Going Lean An operations book with brain teasers? And only two equations? In their new book, The Lean Anthology: A Practical Primer On Continuous Improvement , Darden Professor Elliot N. Weiss and Rebecca Goldberg (MBA ’03) present case studies of everyday people incorporating lean practices into their personal and professional lives. Learn more about lean approaches in Professor Weiss’ upcoming Executive Education course and on Darden’s Ideas to Action site.     Sales Strategy Sales organizations are evolving, and so are the leadership roles guiding them. Watch the panel Developing Managers: New Priorities for the Sales Force , featuring Darden professor Tom Steenburgh. Innovators at Work "The Innovation Issue" of The Darden Report features visionary Darden students and alumni who are improving the world from New York City to Shanghai, and Darden's faculty who are shaping the way the world does business. Learn or Die Win the innovation game with this new Executive Education short course , which helps managers compete in a world of big-data analytics, advanced robotics, artificial intelligence, smart machines and nanotechnology.                                               more social             News 16 December 2014 U.Va. Darden Faculty Members Appointed to Research and Permanent Chairs more 15 December 2014 U.Va. Darden School Survey Shows U.Va. Entrepreneurs' Significant Impact on Economy more 10 December 2014 Former CEO of Aston Martin Offers Five Career Maxims to U.Va. Darden Students more Read more news articles 24 November 2014 To Strengthen a Learning Community of Safety and Trust “She was shaking inside. She didn’t hurt anymore, but what had happened inside her? So horrible, so horrible…Charlotte felt dirty and... 14 November 2014 Optimistic Investors We just concluded the 7th annual University of Virginia Investing Conference (UVIC). For the first time in seven years, I... more Darden Executive Education Design Thinking Project Course View the full open-enrollment program calendar . Create a Custom Program. Custom programs and corporate university programs are tailored to the needs of your organization. Apply to Darden Darden’s Round 2 MBA application deadline is Wednesday, 7 January at 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time. Questions about Darden?  Reach out to current students and alumni to learn more about the Darden experience. If you are applying through the Consortium of Graduate Study in Management, submit your Consortium application by 5 January to be considered in Darden’s Round 2 applicant pool. Make your gift to the Darden Annual Fund. University of Virginia Darden School of Business 100 Darden Boulevard Charlottesville, VA 22903 USA +1-434-924-3900 Copyright © 2014 The Rector and Visitors of the University of Virginia. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Employment Site Map E-mail Webmaster University of Virginia View Mobile Site