University of Virginia School of Continuing and Professional Studies --> University of Virginia School of Continuing and Professional Studies Directory UVACollab UVA Email SIS UVA Home --> Join Us As a pediatric nutritionist, registered dietitian, now program director and instructor for the Bachelor of Professional Studies in Health Sciences Management, Ana's helping others gain the education they need to realize their goals. Join Us While earning a Ph.D. in English, Lee Spitzer was inspired to enroll in the Post-Bac Pre-Med Program after working with cancer patients through a creative writing program he developed at Washington University’s Siteman Cancer Center. Join Us By earning a Bachelor of Interdisciplinary Studies degree, Tim Wagner set an important example for his children. Along the way he learned that he really loved being a student. Join Us Sara Teaster credits the flexibility of the Bachelor of Interdisciplinary Studies for allowing her to enroll in classes offered by the other schools at the University and pursue her interests in urban and environmental planning. Join Us Fran Marshall knew she needed additional training to take the next step in her career. Now a finance manager, she credits the Certificate in Accounting program for helping her pass the CPA exam. Join Us The Certificate in Project Management helped UVa alum Carl Schwab pass the Project Management Professional (PMP) exam. He now attributes his success and credibility within his organization to the program. Join Us Joceline Nahigian wants to make a difference as a public servant. The Certificate in Public Administration and her role with the U.S. Department of Energy have allowed her to fulfill that dream. Join Us After competing in the 2008 and 2012 Olympics, Alice Schmidt knew her days as a world-class athlete were finite. For her, the logical choice was to become a physician and enrolled in the Post-Bac Pre-Med Program. Join Us Justin Chik knew that UVa would offer the high-quality education he wanted to expand his skills in Cybersecurity Management. The instructors and expert guest speakers in the online program provided useful perspectives to the timely material. Join Us A former restaurant server, Michelle Linnekin decided it was time to do something with her life. After completing her prerequisites from a local community college, she transferred and enrolled in the Bachelor of Interdisciplinary Studies program. Join Us Eric Wiegand enrolled in the Certificate in Certified Financial Planning because it afforded him the flexibility he needed to balance work, home, and school. Thanks to the program, he passed the CFP exam on the first try. Join Us A class, along with encouragement and guidance from her instructor, gave Erin Crum the confidence to open her own business. Join Us As a student at The Johns Hopkins School of Medicine, Tommy Rappold is pursuing his dream of a meaningful life. For that, he credits UVa's Post-Baccalaureate Pre-Medical Program. Why SCPS? Billy Cannaday, Dean of SCPS "We offer programming that addresses the needs of the adult learner. Our students want quality and convenience and that's what we deliver." Ashley Fleming, Recruitment Services Manager "SCPS provides the answers you need to make an informed decision about continuing your education." Spotlight Graduate Certificate in eMarketing Gain the knowledge and skills using integrated web, email, and database technologies to acquire and retain customers in 15 credits. I m interested in... Arts s in Health Sciences Management Expands Allied Health Fields and Degrees UVa Employees Invited to Attend December Open Houses All SCPS Events BIS at NVCC / Appointments at Alexandria Campus BIS at NVCC / Information Session at Annandale Campus BIS at NVCC / Appointments at Loudoun Campus Resources for: Students Faculty Employees Helpful Links: Textbooks Library Directions University of Virginia School of Continuing and Professional Studies All Rights Reserved 104 Midmont Lane, P.O. Box 400764 Charlottesville, VA 22904