The University of Virginia University of Virginia Maps Calendar SIS UVaCollab Email A-Z Index Submit Search Box People Web Library Schools School of Architecture College and Graduate School of Arts Sciences Darden School of Business McIntire School of Commerce School of Continuing Professional Studies Curry School of Education School of Engineering and Applied Science School of Law Frank Batten School of Leadership and Public Policy School of Medicine School of Nursing College at Wise Summer Session January Term Global Arts Health System Research Libraries Public Service Prospective Students Current Students Alumni Friends Parents Faculty Staff Cav Fans Schools School of Architecture College and Graduate School of Arts Sciences Darden School of Business McIntire School of Commerce School of Continuing Professional Studies Curry School of Education School of Engineering and Applied Science School of Law Frank Batten School of Leadership and Public Policy School of Medicine School of Nursing College at Wise Summer Session January Term Global Arts Health System Research Libraries Public Service Get Social Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Google+ iTunes U LinkedIn Today's Top Story: ’Twas the Year 2014 in Faculty Books ’Twas the Year 2014 in Faculty Books U.Va. faculty members wrote about topics ranging from black leadership to young adult development, from the history of algebra to football. More News from U.Va. Today The Arts Are Flourishing at UVA: 2014 in Review Rotunda Renovation Offers a Unique Window into UVA’s Past Wishing You a Peaceful Holiday Season Prospective Students Current Students Alumni Friends Parents Faculty Staff Cav Fans @UVA Game day, @UVAMensHoops ! #GoHoos theuniversityofvirginia What's Happening Fourth Law Grad Selected to Clerk at Supreme Court Next Term UVA Law graduate Andrew Kilberg will clerk for U.S. Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy during the 2015-16 term. Bike-Sharing Program on Schedule to Begin with Spring Semester Beta testing is underway for the the University's UBike Program, expected to be available to students, faculty and staff as early as January of 2015. Health Care Providers Hone Teamwork Skills in Clinical Simulation Center UVA's School of Nursing recently hosted a "Room of Errors" designed to help strengthen collaboration between nurses and clinicians. Researchers Identify a Key to Physician Retention A new study suggests that balancing doctors' responsibilities can improve the morale and retention of physicians employed by teaching hospitals. Search UVa People Web Library Search Box Submit A-Z Website Index A-Z Site Search JavaScript is required to view the A-Z live search results. Try the full version or enable Javascript in your browser. Featured Links Undergraduate Admission Bookstore Jobs at U.Va. Registrar (UREG) UVA Today AccessUVA Board of Visitors Community Relations Dean of Students Diversity Emergency Honor Committee John Paul Jones Arena President's Page Places to Stay Strategic Planning Student Career Services Student Financial Services U.Va. Innovation Veterans UVa Giving Home Page Rotunda Renovation Reunion Giving Need-based Scholarships Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Google+ iTunes U LinkedIn Information: 434.924.0311 / University Communications En Espa ol | Text Version | Accessibility | Selected Addresses Copyright / Privacy / Advertising 2014 by the Rector and Visitors of the University of Virginia Imminent Threat Info (when needed)