USC Emergency Information USC Emergency Information USC Emergency Information Staying Informed at USC As a major research university located in one of the most exciting and dynamic cities in the world, USC is proud of its urban tradition and the advantages our location provides for teaching, research and learning. We are also aware of the challenges posed by such an environment. Accordingly, units across the university - including the USC Department of Public Safety (DPS) and the offices of Student Affairs, Housing, Transportation, Emergency Planning, Risk Management, Environmental Health and Safety, and Public Relations - work in concert to provide safety, emergency-preparation, communications and, as needed, emergency services for both the University Park and Health Sciences campuses. USC keeps its community informed in various ways: : Through the TrojansAlert system, university officials contact registered members of the Trojan Family via text message, voice-mail or e-mail to apprise them of situations presenting an ongoing risk to public safety in our campus neighborhoods. ( Register for TrojansAlert. ) : DPS issues Crime Alerts via e-mail and/or on-campus flyers to notify students, faculty and staff of crimes against persons involving suspects who are still at large. : In the event of a major emergency, updates and information about the status of the university will be posted online at http://emergency.usc.edu . Bulletins about emergencies or safety-related news may also appear on the university home page or on the Campus Safety and Emergency Preparedness pages of this site. : Students and researchers can access all the digital resources of the USC Libraries regardless of the physical condition of the USC campuses. For access after an emergency, visit http://libraries-emergency.usc.edu . Additionally, because the key to safety and security is being prepared, this Web site presents information about services available to students, parents, faculty, staff and visitors to help them stay safe in an urban environment, as well as about earthquake and major emergency procedures. Home Subscribe to: Posts (Atom) Campus Safety Emergency Preparedness In the Event of an Emergency Information will be posted on this page. To Report an Emergency Call the USC Department of Public Safety University Park campus: 213-740-4321 Health Sciences campus: 323-442-1000 Powered by Blogger . copyright 2011 University of Southern California