USC 2014: Our favorite images of the year | USC News skip to menu skip to content University of Southern California USC News show menu search search Menu search Sections Arts Athletics Business Health Humanities Policy/Law Science/Technology Social Impact University Featured Topics Year in Review 2014 Campaign for USC Digital USC more topics Subscribe I would like to receive USC News via email subscribe University USC 2014: Our favorite images of the year One in a series showcasing a year of university highlights by Holly Wilder and David Medzerian December 24, 2014 Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email Print If a picture is worth a thousand words, then you re in for a 14,000-word treat. Here are 14 images from USC in 2014 that made us catch our breath, break out in a smile or stare in wondrous amazement. Real life? (Photo/Elko Weaver) Jessie Rabideau models an exoskeletal outfit developed as part of the USC School of Cinematic Arts’ World Building Media Lab . Participants created a virtual city with virtual inhabitants; the outfit illustrates how those inhabitants might appear and how that might affect their interaction with each other. The exercise was a means to creatively consider the challenges faced by real cities. Heismans’ new home (Photo/John McGillen) Heritage Hall — with the two-story Hall of Champions as its centerpiece — reopened in February after a $35 million renovation. One veteran, many faces (USC Photo/Gus Ruelas) As USC’s Veterans Day commemorations approached, David Flores let us tag along on a day in the life of this busy student-veteran . From president to president (USC Photo/Karen Ballard) USC President C. L. Max Nikias joined Bill Clinton on stage at Bovard Auditorium. The former U.S. president visited the University Park Campus in November to discuss the work of the Clinton Foundation as part of the USC President s Distinguished Lecture series. Light up the night (USC Photo/Gus Ruelas) The massive bonfire and impressive fireworks show highlighted the annual Conquest pep rally two days before the annual USC-UCLA football game. Remembering a legend (USC Photo/Brett Adair Padelford) The USC Trojan Marching Band honored Trojan legend and war hero Louis Zamperini during the halftime show of the USC-Notre Dame game on Nov. 29. Tailgating, family style (USC Photo/Steve Cohn) The whole family — from horse-head-wearing dad to the giant stuffed pet — donned cardinal and gold during Homecoming festivities Oct. 18. Warm welcome (USC Photo/Steve Cohn) Honorary Trustee Verna B. Dauterive catches the photographer’s eye during the new student convocation ceremony Aug. 21. The event is one of USC’s special ways of welcoming incoming Trojans. Let the fun commence! (USC Photo/Alan Mittelstaedt) Students from the USC Annenberg School for Communication and Journalism enjoy a cardinal and gold celebration as the school’s commencement ceremony draws to a close. A father’s love (USC Photo/David Sprague) Welcome Week brings a mix of emotions for the incoming students – and their parents, too. Here, a father cries while writing a letter to his freshman student on move-in day. The Office for Parent Programs delivered the letters during the first week of classes. Song for Troy (USC Photo/Steve Cohn) Wherever Trojans gather, the Song Girls (with the Trojan Marching Band in the background) are likely not far behind. Running with the troops (USC Photo/Tom Queally) Retired Gen. David Petraeus , a Judge Widney Professor with a joint faculty appointment at the USC Price School of Public Policy, visited the University Park and Health Sciences campuses during the days leading up to Veterans Day. His activities included a morning run in the Coliseum with ROTC cadets. A three-dimensional president (Photo/The White House) Paul Debevec and a team of USC 3-D imaging specialists headed to the White House to work with the Smithsonian Institution on a first-ever project to create 3-D portraits of a sitting president . Fight on (USC Photo/Gus Ruelas) More stories about: Louis Zamperini , Year in Review 2014 Related stories: Health Science/Technology Matthew Dunn, Inderbir Gill, Monish Aron, Mihir Desai and Chester Koh of Keck Medicine of USC. (USC Photo/Philip Channing) USC 2014: The year in health technology From robotic surgery to making mobile devices into medical assistants, Trojans were at the forefront of using technology and research to help people stay healthy. December 23 Arts Humanities A lone monk works on the Buddha image at the USC Pacific Asia Museum in Pasadena. (USC Photo: Carol Chaplin) Monks begin painstaking work on intricate sand designs Delegation from India will spend five days creating the circular mandala at the USC Pacific Asia Museum. November 6 Arts University Film production student Will Merrick views paintings at the USC Roski School of Art and Design's Open Studios event. (USC Photo/David Sprague) Open Studios shows off student talent USC Roski School of Art and Design event showcases work of undergraduate artists. December 17 Arts Your class assignment: Sing for Chaka Khan The Grammy Award-winning artist offered insight and feedback to students in the Popular Music Forum. November 12 About This Site Contact Us