University of Southern California Skip to navigation Skip to features Skip to news modules Skip to current conditions Students Alumni Parents Faculty Employees Sports popular links Search USC Submit University of Southern California about administration admission academics research patient care community arts global initiatives Los Angeles 60 Your USC, in pictures Welcome Week. Graduation. Tommy Trojan. The Song Girls. 2014 brought lots of memorable moments, and we captured them in pictures. See our favorite images of the year. Photo by Gus Ruelas Back to the beginning Trojans close out season with Holiday Bowl win In its first-ever appearance in the San Diego classic, the No. 24 USC football squad defeated Nebraska 45-42. Cody Kessler completed 23 of 39 passes for 321 yards and three touchdowns. Learn more Things that make you go "hmm" From new theories about flying dinosaurs to the secrets of long life, USC scientists made news for their research in 2014. Check out six of our favorite stories from 2014 that might pique your inner pop scientist. Read the full story at USC News Student-athletes play Santa Santa may have been busy in the weeks leading up to the big day, but he had a suitable stand-in: Trojan football player Chris Willson, who joined 19 other Trojan student-athletes in distributing gifts to children in neighborhoods throughout Los Angeles. Read the full story at USC News Explore USC Campaign for USC Events Calendar USC News For Journalists USC Maps Visit USC More news Libraries myUSC Gmail Office 365 Blackboard Academic Calendar Registration Schedule of Classes Daily Trojan Maps Directories Currently at USC At 5:20 pm on Sunday, Dec. 28, 2014, it's 60 and fair in Los Angeles. Spring classes will begin January 12, 2015. Happy holidays! In the event of an emergency TommyCam USC photo gallery University Park Campus ( ) University of Southern California , (213) 740-2311 Health Sciences Campus ( ) University of Southern California , (323) 442-2000 Visit USC Jobs at USC Office Directory Campus Safety USC YouTube Channels USC on Twitter USC on Facebook USC on LinkedIn USC on Flickr USC on Instagram USC on iTunes U Mobile version Site Design: USC Web Services Copyright 2014 The University of Southern California Privacy Policy