Welcome to Harvard Alumni Skip to main content Harvard Alumni Make a Gift University-Wide Gift Business School College Divinity School Extension School Graduate School of Arts Sciences Graduate School of Design Graduate School of Education Kennedy School Law School Medical School Radcliffe Institute School of Dental Medicine School of Engineering Applied Sciences School of Public Health How to give: Bequests Stocks Matching Gifts More Gift Options Close Connect Volunteer Ways to Give Make a Gift Stocks New Christmas Carol Service Recording Available last year’s 104th Annual Christmas Carol Service In Racial Protests, a Continuing Ripple Effect Harvard Schools and groups still wrestle with justice issues after rulings in Missouri and New York. Danielle Allen Named to Harvard Posts Edmond J. Safra Center for Ethics Leading Role for Murthy This is the HAA Stories See All Dec 22, 2014 Getting to the finish On December 5, 91 College seniors were honored at the Midyear Graduation Ceremony at Knafel Center. Read More Dec 19, 2014 Building a Network for Harvard Women Acey Welch AB ’53 and Alexa Ing Stern AB ’12 of the Alumnae-i Network for Harvard Women (ANHW) discuss the group’s successful first event, their respective experiences as Harvard women, and the future of ANHW. Read More Nov 24, 2014 The Game kicks off with high spirits There was no shortage of enthusiasm in the lead-up to the annual contest that had Harvard defeating Yale 31-24. Read More Connect with Alumni See All Jan 13, 2015 Global Networking Night: January 13, 2015 The Harvard Alumni Association invites you to join fellow local alumni for Global Networking Night on Tuesday, January 13, 2015! Oct 21, 2014 - Aug 23, 2015 Discounted Tickets for PIPPIN on National Tour Multiple locations Harvard alumni, friends, and family in select cities are eligible for discounted tickets to see PIPPIN, directed by Tony Award-winner and American Repertory Theater (A.R.T.) Artistic Director Diane Paulus. Jan 10, 2015 Official Harvard Alumni Pre-Game Reception at Rivalry on Ice , , United States Reconnect with alumni and friends before the Crimson take the ice to face Yale! Search the and find your classmates. Alumni Programs Events JAN 06 Inter-Ivy Winter Latino Happy Hour In affiliation with ALPA, YLAA, MIT, Cornell, Harvard, Columbia, Dartmouth, Brown University of Penn. Bring your friends and family. The more, the merrier! JAN 14 Dialogue with Prof. Steven Kaplan, U. of C. Booth School of Business Date: Wednesday, January 14, 2015 Time: 5:30-7:30 pm Location: McDermott, Will Emery 227 W. Monroe St., Chicago JAN 31 Basketball Analytics at the Wizards Game, with Jason Rosenfeld AB '12 Watch the Washington Wizards challenge the Toronto Raptors, and enjoy a pre-game talk by the NBA's Director of Basketball Analytics, Jason Rosenfeld AB '12. Free Wizards T-shirt for each attendee. $25 Members and their Guests; $50 Non-members. Social Update Going to @RivalryonIce ? Get ready for a @Harvard_Hockey win with a pre-game reception beforehand http://hvrd.me/Ff8GT #ROI2015 #GoCrimson Follow @HarvardAlumni Engage With Us Online Twitter Facebook Crimson Compass LinkedIn Twitter #GNN is south of the border in Mexico City on 1/13 with alumni like @CJHernandez @rlmaccise more http://hvrd.me/GiI21 #HarvardNetwork About 1 Hour Ago from @HarvardAlumni Shore Fellowships give junior faculty a hand juggling busy lives http://hvrd.me/GjeiH About 3 Hours Ago from @HarvardAlumni Have you seen who is registered yet for #GNN in Minneapolis? Explore the #HarvardNetwork http://hvrd.me/GiIof About 5 Hours Ago from @HarvardAlumni Celebrate the Harvard community in Seattle on 2/23 at the @iheartSAM. Save the date! http://hvrd.me/FK2qK #MyHarvard About 7 Hours Ago from @HarvardAlumni Explore @HarvardLibrary 's Lamont Library on Tumblr http://hvrd.me/G47jD About 10 Hours Ago from @HarvardAlumni The #HarvardNetwork is connecting in Makati City on 1/13. @tonyabad @leohizon will be there, will you? http://hvrd.me/GiHuk About 22 Hours Ago from @HarvardAlumni There are almost 200 alumni #GNN registrants on Twitter. Who have you connected with? http://hvrd.me/GmFuZ #HarvardNetwork December 27, 2014 from @HarvardAlumni . @HarvardSoCal @Harvardwood want you to expand your #HarvardNetwork with them. Check out #GNN on 1/13 http://hvrd.me/GiGEP December 27, 2014 from @HarvardAlumni Celebrate the #NewYear2015 with a performance by @bostonbaroque http://hvrd.me/FZk3O via @harvardarts December 27, 2014 from @HarvardAlumni Facebook Thanks to all of you—from Brazil to India, Italy to Mexico, Egypt to Australia, and other countries around the world—for a wonderful Read more December 24, 2014 from Harvard Weight training is key when it comes to battling belly fat. Read more December 23, 2014 from Harvard Party like it’s 1899 with this recently digitized, pocket-sized cocktail guide. Read more December 23, 2014 from Harvard Want to learn something new in 2015? Explore online courses like our Science Cooking lecture series, where chefs reveal the secrets Read more December 22, 2014 from Harvard With a new study of the Earth’s atmosphere, a Harvard-led team hopes to establish how air pollution from human activities reacts with Read more December 22, 2014 from Harvard "It’s sort of like you’re Arctic explorers, and though you knew that there were some milestones to be seen or predicted, you’ve gone Read more December 21, 2014 from Harvard At the Harvard Allston Education Portal, undergrads mentor 102 local students from first through 12th grade in fields such as math, Read more December 20, 2014 from Harvard The report of the Kepler spacecraft's death was greatly exaggerated. Read more December 19, 2014 from Harvard Experts Jorge Domínguez and Nicholas Burns react to the move by President Obama to reestablish U.S.-Cuba relations. Read more December 18, 2014 from Harvard BRETT NOWAK AB '03 Crimson Compass allowed me to meet some of the most influential people in a city I had just recently moved to. Their guidance and insight helped me determine my next career path and introduced me to the right people to find a job. I encourage all graduates to take full advantage of Crimson Compass. Connect with your network on Crimson Compass. Login or Register Linkedin Harvard Alumni Network is the official group for verified Harvard degree holders on LinkedIn. Get connected with alumni today Twitter Facebook Crimson Compass LinkedIn Contact Us See All Contact the alumni help desk. Find your class website or class officer . Get more information about planned giving . Get Help See All I need help registering my Alumni User ID. I need to reset my User ID and password. Harvard News Harvard Events Make a Gift Connect Volunteer Ways to Give Programs Events Stories Schools About HAA Search the Harvard Alumni site: Make a Gift Harvard Alumni Help Privacy Terms of Use Feedback Go to Harvard.edu Admin Profile 2014 The President Fellows of Harvard College University-Wide Gift Business School College Divinity School Extension School Graduate School of Arts Sciences Graduate School of Design Graduate School of Education Kennedy School Law School Medical School Radcliffe Institute School of Dental Medicine School of Engineering Applied Sciences School of Public Health How to give: Bequests Stocks Matching Gifts More Gift Options Close