Harvard Divinity School Skip to main content HARVARD.EDU Directory Webmail MY.HDS Library Search About Dean s Welcome HDS at a Glance History and Mission Community Values Job Opportunities Directory Frequently Asked Questions Map and Directions Admissions Aid Apply Dates and Deadlines How to Apply Reapplication Process International Applicants Request Information Financial Aid Connect with HDS Connect with Students Diversity at HDS Admitted Students Frequently Asked Questions Publications Contact Admissions Academics Degree Programs Courses Field Education Buddhist Ministry Initiative Nondegree Programs Academic Advising Registrar Faculty Research Faculty Programs and Centers Publications Research Projects Conferences and Seminars Faculty Openings Research Appointments Life at HDS Community Life Religious and Spiritual Life Student Profiles Housing Resources Health, Wellness, and Safety Accessibility Learning Support International Students Career Services Why HDS? Graduates share their stories Technology News Events Public Events Calendar Commencement Media Expertise Harvard Divinity Bulletin HDS Current Video and Multimedia Contact Communications Alumni Friends Alumni Community News and Activities 2014 Dean s Report Frequently Asked Questions Give to HDS Contact Development and External Relations 2014 Year in Pictures As we at HDS say farewell to 2014, we take a look back at some of the moments that shaped such an unforgettable year. Stories of Caring Register now to attend the new year's first installment of the Divinity Dialogues speaker series in San Francisco. Religion Matters Please make a year-end gift to HDS today. --> News Announcements 2014 Year in Pictures At HDS, Nones Are Greater Than One Clooney on Animals in Heaven The Golden Rule, Even for Terror Suspects All news » Events All upcoming events Why HDS? A Distinctive Approach . Exploring all religions, while aligned with none, makes HDS different from most religious study institutions. Learn more A Rewarding Career . HDS  Career Services helps students and graduates develop careers in fields as diverse as our student body. Rich Resources . All the rich resources of  Harvard University are available to HDS students and faculty. Apply  People HDS Is Made for Taylor Lauren Taylor wants to improve the U.S. health care system, so she came to HDS to get an understanding of the forces that shape individuals, organizations, and societies. Read more Centers Programs The  Center for the Study of World Religions has guided the study of the world's major religious and spiritual traditions at Harvard, especially at HDS, since 1960.  The  Women's Studies in Religion Program explores the fundamental role played by religious traditions in defining the lives of women and men.  See all programs and centers Research Publications Searching for Meaning Psychiatrists are often blind to the many ways that faith communities can contribute toward soothing the emotional suffering of the depressed, writes Dan Blazer in the latest Harvard Divinity Bulletin . Read more Support HDS The Campaign for HDS  will renew the School and enable us to produce leaders who illuminate, engage, and serve humanity. See how we advance religious literacy, promote peaceful interfaith dialogue and empower leaders in many fields.  Make a gift  to HDS today. CONNECT with HDS Twitter Facebook Facebook Twitter 1 week 2 days ago. 1 week 2 days ago. 1 week 2 days ago. f32c045c5efdf3c7421b3f7e77468ebb HARVARD DIVINITY SCHOOL 45 Francis Avenue, Cambridge, Massachusetts 02138   617.495.5761 my.hds  |  Harvard University |  Privacy Policy |  Trademark Notice |  Reporting Copyright Infringements Copyright © 2014 President and Fellows of Harvard College. All rights reserved. Admin Login OpenScholar | Privacy | Accessibility | Terms of Use | Report Copyright Infringement