Home | Office of Admissions and Recruitment | University of Wisconsin-Madison Return to UW-Madison Homepage --> JOIN OUR MAILING LIST UPDATES AND SOCIAL MEDIA Admissions Application Academics Cost and Financial Aid The Student Experience Visiting and Events Contact Us Freshman Admissions Transfer Admissions Reentry Admissions INFORMATION FOR Admitted Students Adult Students Alumni Volunteers Counselors Current Students International Students Parents and Family Pre-College Students Students with Disabilities Veterans FOLLOW OUR OFFICE Facebook Instagram Twitter YouTube FOLLOW CAMPUS Facebook Twitter YouTube Pinterest Instagram Search/Ask a Question Entry Text Home | Office of Admissions and Recruitment | University of Wisconsin-Madison Home | Office of Admissions and Recruitment | University of Wisconsin-Madison Join the Mailing List Apply Check Application Status Forms and Fact Sheets Need Help? ADMISSIONS AND RECRUITMENT Our office is here to assist as you prepare to become a future Badger. Admission to the University of Wisconsin-Madison is holistic, competitive, and selective. In reviewing your application, we will consider your performance in rigorous course work, written statements, standardized test scores, extracurricular activities and an optional letter of recommendation. We are also looking for sustained involvement in activities in or out of school, leadership, community involvements, research or any special gifts or talents that you would bring to our university. We encourage you to explore everything the University of Wisconsin-Madison has to offer. Take a campus tour . Attend an admissions or academic program information session . Talk with us and other prospective students online . Read what's happening in admissions and at the university . Check out where proud Badger alumni are living throughout the world. Most importantly, contact us with questions along the way. RECENT UPDATES AND REMINDERS Support UW-Madison Order your poster to support need-based scholarships! Doors of UW-Madison Quick Links Save the date! Your UW Day for admitted students Freshman second notification period update Freshman application update UW Madison furlough day set for Monday, May 16 --> Waitlist closed --> 2011 Freshman Class Finalized: Waitlist Closed --> Arrive to Union South for Info Sessions Tours --> Summer 2011 information sessions in China University of Wisconsin Madison High School Counselor Breakfast registration Admitted students, sign up for Your UW Day Gearing up for Feb. 18 Your UW Day --> UW-Madison makes an impression with prospective students Admissions decisions coming soon Application is available Admissions hosts info sessions in China and Taiwan Slide show: President Obama comes to campus Applicant statements tip sheet First Freshman Notification Deadline Change to Freshmen Appointments News and Updates Visit and Tour Options Application Tips Application Deadlines Information for Counselors --> University of Wisconsin Madison, Office of Admissions and Recruitment, 702 W. Johnson Street Suite 1101, Madison, WI 53715-1007 Contact Us | Website Shortcuts | Privacy | Accessibility | Nondiscrimination | Reporting Abuse 2014 Board of Regents of the University of Wisconsin System