Costs and Aid - Office of Admissions at the University of Wisconsin-Madison Return to UW-Madison Homepage --> JOIN OUR MAILING LIST UPDATES AND SOCIAL MEDIA Admissions Application Academics Financial Aid and Scholarships Applying for Aid --> The Student Experience Visiting and Events Contact Us Freshman Admissions Transfer Admissions Reentry Admissions INFORMATION FOR Admitted Students Adult Students Alumni Volunteers Counselors Current Students International Students Parents and Family Pre-College Students Students with Disabilities Veterans FOLLOW OUR OFFICE Facebook Instagram Twitter YouTube FOLLOW CAMPUS Facebook Twitter YouTube Pinterest Instagram Search/Ask a Question Entry Text Costs and Aid - Office of Admissions at the University of Wisconsin-Madison Costs and Aid - Office of Admissions at the University of Wisconsin-Madison Join the Mailing List Apply Check Application Status Forms and Fact Sheets Need Help? Cost and Financial Aid The cost of attendance is the total amount of tuition, fees, room and board, books, and supplies in addition to other estimated school expenses. Financial aid is a combination of grants, loans, scholarships and work-study employment designed to help offset the total cost of attendance. Each student has a different set of options available to them so it s important that all students applying for admission also apply for financial aid. Cost of Attendance and Tuition The Office of Student Financial Aid lists the cost of attendance and tuition for Wisconsin residents and out-of-state students. You can find the cost per credit provided by the Registrar s Office. Financial Aid Undergraduates and their families can explore the financial award calculator to see estimated cost and award eligibility . U.S. citizens and permanent residents should complete the FAFSA in order to determine eligibility for grants, loans, and work-study employment. The Office of Student Financial Aid provides a full list of resources to help students apply for financial aid in addition to step-by-step instructions on how to complete the FAFSA. Funding and scholarships for international students is provided by International Student Services. Scholarships Scholarships@UW-Madison also features a list of academic and merit opportunities offered by schools and colleges within the University. All students that submit an admissions application are eligible to apply for these scholarships. Many deadlines are before spring so be sure to apply early. FastWeb and FinAid are external resources that provide listings not administered by the school. Checking Your Student Center Applicants can monitor both their admission application and financial aid information by checking their application status online . The Bursar s Office also provides tuition and fee payment methods and instructions . Wisconsin State Residency As state-funded public university, in-state students and out-of-state students pay different rates for tuition. If you come to Wisconsin primarily for educational purposes, you might not qualify as a Wisconsin resident even after living in the state for a year or more. For complete information visit the residence for tuition purposes website . Related Links Undergraduate Tuition Financial Aid Guide FAFSA Scholarships@UW-Madison International Student Resources Student Account Information Financial Payback Calculator University of Wisconsin Madison, Office of Admissions and Recruitment, 702 W. Johnson Street Suite 1101, Madison, WI 53715-1007 Contact Us | Website Shortcuts | Privacy | Accessibility | Nondiscrimination | Reporting Abuse 2014 Board of Regents of the University of Wisconsin System