Apply Online - Office of Admissions at the University of Wisconsin-Madison Return to UW-Madison Homepage --> JOIN OUR MAILING LIST UPDATES AND SOCIAL MEDIA Application Tips Check Application Status Forms and Fact Sheets Academics Cost and Financial Aid The Student Experience Visiting and Events Contact Us Freshman Admissions Transfer Admissions Reentry Admissions INFORMATION FOR Admitted Students Adult Students Alumni Volunteers Counselors Current Students International Students Parents and Family Pre-College Students Students with Disabilities Veterans FOLLOW OUR OFFICE Facebook Instagram Twitter YouTube FOLLOW CAMPUS Facebook Twitter YouTube Pinterest Instagram Search/Ask a Question Entry Text Apply Online - Office of Admissions at the University of Wisconsin-Madison Apply Online - Office of Admissions at the University of Wisconsin-Madison Join the Mailing List Apply Check Application Status Forms and Fact Sheets Need Help? Admissions Application Review the admission requirements and required application materials for freshman , transfer students , and reentry applicants. Apply Online Our online application is secure and easy to use. It allows you to save your work and come back later. Applying online provides you with immediate notification that your application has been received. Application Deadlines The following deadlines are in effect for the 2014-2015 school year, and pertain to both domestic and international applicants. Application Deadline Material Receipt Deadline Freshmen First Fall Notification (Decision End of January) November 3 December 2 Second Fall Notification (Decision End of March) February 2 To be announced Spring Term (Decision End of December) October 1 October 24 Transfer Students Fall Term (Decision End of April) February 2 To be announced Spring Term (Decision End of December) October 1 October 31 Freshman Notification Periods Applications received by November 3 and completed in a reasonable time will be reviewed by the end of January, and those received by February 2 and completed in a reasonable time will be reviewed by the end of March. Applicants who miss the first notification deadline can still be considered in the second notification period. Application material receipt deadlines will be posted above when they become available. Applicants are notified by email if they are missing items. To ensure you receive important email notifications add the email address onwisconsin@admissions.wisc.edu to your approved senders list. Countdown to the February 3rd Deadline --> Spring Application Closed The Spring 2015 application for both freshman and transfer is now closed. We encourage you to consider applying for the Fall 2015 term. University of Wisconsin Madison, Office of Admissions and Recruitment, 702 W. Johnson Street Suite 1101, Madison, WI 53715-1007 Contact Us | Website Shortcuts | Privacy | Accessibility | Nondiscrimination | Reporting Abuse 2014 Board of Regents of the University of Wisconsin System