Graduate School | University of Wisconsin–Madison Search Main menu About About Main Welcome Mission and Vision Leadership Team Research Centers Directory Prospective Students Prospective Students Main Explore Our Programs Preparing for Graduate School Admissions Information Financing Your Education Student Life Diversity and Inclusion International Students Professional Development Apply New Current Students New Current Students Main Newly Admitted Students Diversity and Inclusion Current Students Completing Your Degree Graduate Catalog Policies, Procedures, and Forms Funding Professional Development Faculty Staff Faculty Staff Main New Faculty Resources Graduate Program Resources Graduate Program Profiles Graduate Faculty Executive Committee (GFEC) KnowledgeBase Research Funding and Policy (New Location): research.wisc.edu Researchers Postdoctoral Scholars Research Centers Diversity Contact MyUW UW-Madison Directory Breadcrumbs Graduate School Admissions Application Process at a Glance Our Academic Programs Application Process at a Glance Cost of Graduate School Requirements for Admission International Student Information Previously Enrolled Graduate Students Application Fee Grants Frequently Asked Questions Need assistance? We can help. Call us. Graduate School Office of Admissions and Academic Services 500 Lincoln Drive 217 Bascom Hall 608-262-2433 gradadmiss@grad.wisc.edu People sit outdoors in the sun and study with their laptop computer at The Plaza, an outdoor seating area at the Union South building Application Process at a Glance Each program has its own deadline, admission committee, and recommendation process.  Questions regarding the review process should be directed to the program .  Below is a step-by-step description of the application process. Submit application online When you submit your application it is routed to the program for evaluation. Send materials to your program Application materials include official transcripts or academic records from each institution you attended, statement of purpose, and letters of recommendation.  Additional application materials, which vary by program, may include: test scores (GRE and TOEFL/IELTS/MELAB), portfolios, tapes, CDs, and publications.  All electronic test scores should be sent to institution code 1846 . Many programs now accept only electronic documents as part of the application. Check with your program for verification before starting your application. Your application materials are reviewed by your program’s admission committee. Watch your application status page through MyUW for missing checklist items or additional information. Activate your NetID in MyUW to ensure continued processing of your application.   Contact webapp@grad.wisc.edu if you do not receive the email with instructions within two days of final submission of your application. Follow online status check page Watch your application status page through MyUW for missing checklist items or additional information. Any requests for information or changes in your status during the program’s review will be noted on the page. If you have questions regarding the status of your application during this time, contact the program directly.  Program decision and follow-up Each program has its own admission committee, and therefore the time frames for application reviews and decisions vary. If you are recommended for admission by your program, this will be noted as an update within the status check section of MyUW.  At this point the program will send your transcript(s) to the Graduate School for final review.  The Graduate School admissions staff will review your application once they have received your official transcript(s). They make final admissions based on minimum requirements . Domestic students Admission is finalized and the official admission letter is sent. International students Proof of funding Proof of funding is requested and verified by the Graduate School.  Funding sources may be the program, applicant, government, employer, individual, or a combination of these. Additional information will be requested through your online status check page. Verify Financial documentation is received, verified, and approved by the Graduate School.  Admission is finalized. After processing, the formal admission letter and visa documents are sent to the student. Documents for visa appointment The Graduate School does not use express mail. Expect delivery to take four to five weeks. Refer to your individual status check page for details on your visa documents. Follow online status check page Continue to follow your online status check page for the duration of the process.  All communication is through MyUW . Footer: Repeated navigation links About Prospective Students New Current Students Faculty Staff Researchers Postdoctoral Scholars Research Centers Diversity Contact MyUW UW-Madison Directory Contact Us Madison, WI 53706 Feedback, questions or accessibility issues: gswebmaster@grad.wisc.edu . © 2013 Board of Regents of the University of Wisconsin System