Learn@UW | University of Wisconsin–Madison Skip to main content UW Search Libraries Map My UW Email/Calendar Loading WARNING: Learn@UW will not function completely with javascript disabled. Please enable javascript. Desire2Learn Upgrade Learn@UW is currently unavailable due to a system upgrade until 2pm today . Scheduled Outage Learn@UW may be down for maintenance between 5-7am. LOGIN Log into Desire2Learn: UW NetID Login D2L Visitor Login D2L Visitor Login D2L Visitor login Username: Password: News If you can see this text, your browser does not support iframes. View the content of this inline frame within your browser. Help Support Contact DoIT Help Desk Submit a Problem Email Live Chat --> Find Help Online D2L Knowledge Base Moodle Knowledge Base Tutorials Upcoming Workshops Getting Started with D2L Final Grading in D2L Video Tutorials-D2L Request Forms Request a... Learn@UW/D2L course Learn@UW visitor account iTunesU space Request a new feature D2L Known Issues Search the D2L Known Issues list --> Outages D2L Regular Maintenance: 5-7am CST every Thursday (may include entire system outage) Current campus outages Other Resources Desire2Learn Is my computer compatible? Recommended software and browsers Accessibility Information Example Courses Individual Help for Instructors D2L Known Issues List TEACHING LEARNING TOOLBOX Instructors Students Moodle Course activities, resources, gradebook, and more Web Conferencing Connect live with Blackboard Collaborate Piazza Online Q More Desire2Learn Course materials, gradebook, quizzes and more Kaltura MediaSpace Upload and share videos ePortfolios Online resumes and portfolios Google Apps UW-Madison Google Docs and Sites Moodle Course activities, resources, gradebook, and more ePortfolios Online resumes and portfolios Piazza Online Q Desire2Learn Tools Course materials, discussions, dropbox and more Google Docs UW-Madison Google docs Google Sites UW-Madison Google sites Software Training Free software training for students The University of Wisconsin-Madison expects that you will respect the rights of faculty and other students as you participate in the educational process. Participating in a Learn@UW course means that you may have access to personal information and academic work produced by other students and faculty members, such as class lists, discussion board postings, drafts of papers and other work produced in the course. Federal and state law and UW-Madison policy require that you must not reveal any information about classmates, course work content, or its authors to anyone outside the course. Use of Learn@UW is subject to UW-Madison policy including the Responsible Use of IT Policy . See Office of the Registrar's Student Privacy Rights to learn more about your privacy rights. DoIT Academic Technology | 608-262-5667 Contact us at: academictech@doit.wisc.edu © 2011 Board of Regents of the University of Wisconsin System