University of Wisconsin Foundation Skip to content about UW Foundation contact us login alumni donors campus partners --> Why Give? How to Give Give Online Gifts from alumni and friends ensure that UW will never stop transforming lives. Make a Gift Other Ways to Give Annual Giving Gift Planning Scholarships Corporations Foundations Bequests Wills Matching Gifts Printable Forms Naming Opportunities Endowments Estate Gifts Securities and Stocks University Priorities Chancellor's Annual Fund This fund is used to support the top needs on campus, from recruiting and retaining top faculty to supporting the student experience. Make a Gift Great People Scholarship This need-based scholarship fund helps qualified students afford UW-Madison and realize their dream of attending the university. Make a Gift UW Areas Programs Give to one of a wide variety of areas and programs that affect our daily lives on campus, in Wisconsin and around the world. See Select Areas To a School or College Agricultural and Life Sciences, College of Business, Wisconsin School of Education, School of Engineering, College of Human Ecology, School of Law School Letters Science, College of Medicine and Public Health, School of Nursing, School of Pharmacy, School of Veterinary Medicine, School of See More The Impact of Gifts Leadership Giving What is Leadership Giving? Those who make leadership gifts make a commitment to the UW-Madison. Leadership gifts ensure tomorrow's students encounter the kinds of life-changing experiences that foster creativity, excellence and leadership. They transform campus with new buildings and new programs, as well as supporting students and faculty through scholarships, fellowships and professorships Learn More Women’s Philanthropy Council Inspires, encourages and advocates for women to publicly give major gifts to the University area of their own choosing, in their own name. Our Giving Societies 1848 Society Recognizes those who include the University of Wisconsin–Madison in their annual philanthropic planning. Bascom Hill Society Recognizes those who have made cumulative gifts of $50,000 or more to the university. Wisconsin Legacy Society Recognizes donors who thoughtfully chose to make a deferred gift to benefit the university. Van Hise Society Recognizes the University of Wisconsin-Madison’s most generous lifetime donors. Give Now Menu Give Now Give Now A gift to the the Chancellor's Annual Fund, the Great People Scholarship or one of our school/college annual funds are top priorities and will help the university address its most urgent needs. Give to the Chancellor's Annual Fund Give to the Great People Scholarship Give to a School/College Annual Fund College of Agricultural and Life Sciences College of Engineering College of Letters Science Law School School of Education School of Human Ecology School of Medicine and Public Health School of Nursing School of Pharmacy School of Veterinary Medicine Wisconsin School of Business Search Giving Areas Find your school, college, department or favorite campus area to make a gift: Give by Phone or Mail Give by Phone Call UW Foundation at 1-800-443-6162, 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. Central time, Monday through Friday. Mail your printable gift form to: UW Foundation U.S. Bank Lockbox Box 78807 Milwaukee, WI 53278-0807 Annual Giving With a recurring gift, you can support UW-Madison in an affordable and easy way. To get started, select one of the "First payment..." options in the online giving form. Start your gift today Your Legacy. Their future. You can shape how we're remembered. Remembering the UW-Madison in your will is an investment in the future. For our children. For our university. For the world. Learn more about Gift Planning at UW-Madison Join UW-Madison's Most Loyal Supporters Your recurring annual gift makes you a member! 1848 Society Bascom Hill Society Van Hise Society Learn more Support Scholars Commit to supporting UW-Madison's next generation of scholars and preserve the affordability of the university with a gift to the Great People Scholarship . Make a gift today Impact: By the Numbers $9,000 Average annual room and board cost for an undergraduate student. $1,530,700.96 Total amount received from matching gift companies. Find out if you work for a matching gift company . 75,013 Total number of donors to the UW Foundation in 2011. 109,891 The number of gifts made to support UW-Madison in 2012. $84 The size of the monthly gift that qualifies you for membership in the 1848 Society and a complimentary WAA membership. $2,500 Cost of a three-credit undergraduate course in the College of Letters and Science. Every Gift Counts When we work together the cumulative strength of our gifts reaches across campus and around the world. $100 Can provide an emergency grant to keep a student enrolled $250 Can help provide a career preparation training for undergraduate students $500 Helps keep star faculty at UW-Madison $1,000 Can help provide a grant to a student entrepreneur to help bring an idea to market Noteworthy Data Warehouse – Business Intelligence Technical Manager 70 ½ or Older? IRA Charitable Rollover Is Back Through Dec. 31, 2014 Development Program Specialist Putting Idle Assets to Good Purpose Inspirational Gift Invests in UW Faculty See more Why Give? How to Give The Impact of Gifts Leadership Giving Contact Us Back to Top 1848 Society Bascom Hill Society Van Hise Society Gift Planning Corporation Copyright University of Wisconsin Foundation , 2014 Site Credits Contact Jennifer McFarland Senior Director of Development Chancellor s Development Team 608-263-0851 Send Jennifer an Email Your Name Your Email Subject Message Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.