About Us - Stanford Alumni Association --> Skip to content Sorry, we are unable to supply content for this web page, either because the Internet security on your browser is set to high, or because you have disabled Javascript. For information on how to change these settings in your browser, please see the Help page Welcome | Register | Log In Entire Site Blogs Discussions Groups Trips Magazine Events Stanford Alumni Community Classes, Groups Views Volunteering My Stanford Print Share About Us The Stanford Alumni Association exists to help you stay connected to Stanford, and to each other, wherever you are in your life now. Whatever you're seeking, be it Stanford events and connections in your hometown, an excuse to come back to the Farm for reunion, a job lead or a mind-expanding magazine, we've got you covered. Programs and your extended family of alumni at Sierra Camp . Get the latest alumni news and views and stay current with what's happening in the greater Stanford universe with STANFORD magazine and the Loop . Take in a daily campus scene at StanfordAlumni on Instagram . Watch Stanford Alumni-produced videos on the Stanford Alumni YouTube channel. Bet you didn't know you can stop by the Alumni Center when you're on campus to borrow a bike, check your email and even take a post-workout shower. Got alumni email ? Looking for your grad school? Search no more. We work closely with the below school alumni associations, which offer specialized resources for their graduates in addition to those provided by us. Stanford Graduate School of Business Stanford School of Earth Sciences Stanford Graduate School of Education Stanford Engineering Stanford Law School Stanford School of Medicine Our Mission The Stanford Alumni Association seeks to reach, serve and engage all Stanford alumni and students; to foster a lifelong intellectual and emotional connection between the University and its graduates; and to provide the University with goodwill and support. Our History Founded in 1892 by the University's first graduates, the Stanford Alumni Association aims to deliver the most effective alumni relations program anywhere in higher education. Its diverse offerings include a bimonthly magazine; online communication and networking tools; academic and social programming (on and off-campus); a worldwide travel/study program; and numerous Stanford-related products and initiatives. Come Visit Us Frances C. Arrillaga Alumni Center website See all we have to offer at your home-away-from-home at Stanford. Directions to the alumni center Contact Us Stanford Alumni Association Frances C. Arrillaga Alumni Center 326 Galvez Street Stanford, CA 94305-6105 Main Number: (650) 723-2021 Toll-free: (800) 786-2586 Department phone numbers Home About Us Stanford University Homepage Giving to Stanford Contact Us Help Accessibility Privacy Policy Terms of Use © 2014 Stanford University