Education | Engineering Skip to: Main Content SUNet Login Engineering Alumni Alumni Job Board Search Alumni Directory Professional Development Volunteer Students Areas of Study Academic Support International Students Career Resources Jobs Internships Student Organizations Partnerships Affiliate Programs Corporate Partnerships Recruiting Professional Development Faculty Staff Facilities Planning Management Faculty Affairs Finance Human Resources Information Technology Research Administration SEQ Services Other Engineering Sites Center for Professional Development Technology Ventures Program Hasso Plattner Institute of Design Institute for Computational Mathematical Engineering Wellspring of Innovation Info For... Students Faculty Staff Alumni Companies Departments Aeronautics and Astronautics Bioengineering Chemical Engineering Civil Environmental Engineering Computer Science Electrical Engineering Management Science Engineering Materials Science Engineering Mechanical Engineering Institutes Hasso Plattner Institute of Design Institute for Computational Mathematical Engineering Precourt Institute for Energy at Stanford Stanford Woods Institute for the Environment --> Search this site: Primary links About Research Faculty Admissions Education Partnerships Previous Pause Next Education Home » Education Why Study Engineering at Stanford? World-renowned yet approachable faculty State-of-the-art labs Chance to study engineering within a liberal arts environment, where multidisciplinary research is encouraged and facilitated Location! Location! Location! Sure the sunny California weather is nice, but Stanford s proximity to Silicon Valley means a chance to learn from industry leaders and entrepreneurs. Our Approach We think of engineers as people who take discoveries from the sciences and use them to solve problems that change the world. Stanford Engineering aims to educate engineers who are also leaders, who understand the science of their solutions, of course, but who also understand the people, issues and systems they hope to affect. Stanford Engineering students gain an unrivaled education in the fundamentals of their chosen engineering disciplines, as well a rich education in the liberal arts. The school also provides numerous formal and informal opportunities for students to gain entrepreneurial experience. Stanford faculty and graduates have a long tradition of contributing technologies that have created new industries, new forms of communication and new ways of looking at the world. The School The School of Engineering was founded in 1925, but engineering has been integral to Stanford education and research since the university was created in 1891. One-third of the university s original faculty members and 40 percent of its students were associated with engineering. Today, engineering accounts for nearly 40 percent of all Stanford graduate students and 20 percent of undergraduates. The school has grown to nine departments and offers numerous interdisciplinary research and degree programs. Departmental boundaries are kept low; research teams routinely cross them, and faculty members often hold joint departmental appointments. The school also pursues partnerships within the university that enhance our academics and expand the opportunities available to students. Departments Chemical Engineering Civil and Environmental Engineering Computer Science Electrical Engineering Management Science and Engineering Materials Science and Engineering Mechanical Engineering See a complete list of undergraduate engineering degree programs or graduate engineering degree programs offered by Stanford. Research Opportunities for Students Stanford Engineering faculty are eager to involve students at all stages of research and offer students many opportunities to participate, both through formal programs such as the Research Experience for Undergraduates, and through the everyday invitation that s rooted in our tradition. A compelling aspect of engineering is the joy of making things work: remote medical imaging that saves lives; nanoscale structures that create remarkable new materials; or orbiting instruments that plumb the fundamental laws of the universe. The school offers space to investigate, design and create in more than 80 labs, research centers and affiliate programs . Printer-friendly version Education Undergraduate Degree Programs Graduate Degree Programs Online Learning Professional Development and Continuing Education Faculty Staff Portal Engineering News Thanks to new Stanford research, an affordable, easy-to-implement system can provide significantly... A new security system called COWL protects privacy while helping web developers create richer and... In one experiment bioengineers found that larger genetic mutants fared better, and in a second... Quick Links Professional Development Stanford eCorner Stanford Engineering Everywhere Stanford on iTunesU Stanford Free Online Courses Contact : Visit : Give : About this site : --> Emergency info Stanford University , School of Engineering, 475 Via Ortega, Stanford, California 94305-4121. 650.725.1575 Google Plus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube SU Home Maps Directions Search Stanford Terms of Use Copyright Complaints , ,