An Evening with Douglas and Mark Kirkland --> Skip to content Search form Search term Featured Events Today's Events Browse by Type Lecture / Reading / Talk Conference / Symposium Seminar Class Meeting Information Session Performance Exhibition Screening Tour Recreational Sports Religious Social Browse by Subject All Arts Music Drama / Theater Dance Visual Arts Film Literary Arts Public Service International Environment Engineering Humanities Science Health / Wellness Careers Ph.D. Orals University Events Browse by Organization Departments Student Groups Browse by Date: Expected format: M M/D D/Y Y Y Y An Evening with Douglas and Mark Kirkland Thursday, January 8, 2015 6:00 pm CEMEX Auditorium Sponsored by: Stanford Arts Institute Join the talented and accomplished father and son duo, Douglas and Mark Kirkland, for an evening of presentation and conversation about their careers documenting and creating work in the fashion and entertainment industries. Douglas Kirkland is an award-winning celebrity photographer. A photographer for over five decades, his passion in the discovery of beauty never wavers. For this special evening at Stanford, Douglas will highlight fashion and cinema moments which have formed his career. Mark Kirkland is a three-time Emmy award-winning director, an award-winning filmmaker, writer, director, antique movie camera curator and cinematographer. Mark will show a selection of images and footage from his career, including his work on  The Simpsons  and his own award-winning films. This event is a part of the Fashion at Stanford series. A series of talks by notable figures in fashion. Series sponsored in part by a gift from Susan and David Sherman. Douglas Kirkland's appearance is sponsored by Canon. When: Thursday, January 8, 2015. 6:00 pm 7:30 pm Admission: Free and Open to the Public Seating is on a first-come, first-served basis. Tags: Arts Lecture / Reading Visual Drama Humanities Film Careers Audience: General Public, Faculty/Staff, Students, Alumni/Friends Contact: 650-736-0705, kennedya@stanford.edu More info: Visit this website Last modified December 12, 2014. Stanford For You A monthly email newsletter highlighting upcoming campus events. About this site Policies Procedures RSS iCal Feeds Contact Us Submit an event We invite all campus event organizers to post your event listings to the calendar. New? Request an account SU Home Maps Directions Search Stanford Terms of Use Emergency Info . , .