Celebrating Twenty-Five Years of Solar and Automotive Student Innovation --> Skip to content Search form Search term Featured Events Today's Events Browse by Type Lecture / Reading / Talk Conference / Symposium Seminar Class Meeting Information Session Performance Exhibition Screening Tour Recreational Sports Religious Social Browse by Subject All Arts Music Drama / Theater Dance Visual Arts Film Literary Arts Public Service International Environment Engineering Humanities Science Health / Wellness Careers Ph.D. Orals University Events Browse by Organization Departments Student Groups Browse by Date: Expected format: M M/D D/Y Y Y Y Celebrating Twenty-Five Years of Solar and Automotive Student Innovation Monday, January 5, 2015 4:15 pm NVIDIA auditorium, Huang Engineering Sponsored by: Precourt Institute for Energy Come join past and current team members for the first showing of the documentary, "Stanford Solar Project Racing on Sunshine," commemorating the 25th year anniversary of the Stanford's Solar Car Project (SSCP). This film features the team's top-five finish in the 2013 World Solar Challenge in the Australian outback, as well as interviews with project supporters, including JB Straubel, CTO of Tesla Motors, and representatives from Google, Panasonic and other tech companies. This film is produced by Mark Shwartz for the Precourt Institute for Energy. After the showing and brief remarks by guests, please join us for the Precourt Energy Social from 5:30-7:30pm, right outside the auditorium. This social is open to Stanford students, faculty, and staff. When: Monday, January 5, 2015. 4:15 pm 5:30 pm Admission: Free and open to all. Tags: Environment Engineering Seminar Science Audience: General Public, Faculty/Staff, Students, Alumni/Friends Contact: swang24@stanford.edu More info: Visit this website Last modified December 11, 2014. Stanford For You A monthly email newsletter highlighting upcoming campus events. About this site Policies Procedures RSS iCal Feeds Contact Us Submit an event We invite all campus event organizers to post your event listings to the calendar. New? Request an account SU Home Maps Directions Search Stanford Terms of Use Emergency Info . , .