Stanford News Skip to content News Search Terms Submit Home All News Faculty Staff News For Journalists About Us Stanford News Top Stories Making spirits bright at Stanford As the year draws to a close, Stanford singers prepare for holiday concerts while around campus, students take a break from studying to enjoy some holiday traditions. Stanford freshmen create medieval-inspired artifacts for the 21st century Veronica Marian Students in SIMILE, an intensive year-long humanities program with a focus on the history of science, put handmade ink to handmade paper to recreate the ancient manuscript process. Stanford study shows ways to improve public health at beaches Rob Jordan Thanks to new Stanford research, an affordable, easy-to-implement system can provide significantly more accurate information on coastal water contamination to better protect public health. Altruism is not simply innate, Stanford study finds Bjorn Carey By recreating a classic experiment, Stanford psychologists find that altruistic behavior may be governed more by relationships, even brief ones, than instincts. Videos Stanford geophysicist measures saltwater intrusion into underground freshwater Stanford Symphony Orchestra performs Mahler's Symphony No. 6 Learning in Hawaii's 'living lab' More videos Stanford In The News America's Greece? The Economist 12.20.14 The surprisingly popular course at Stanford Business School Fortune 12.18.14 Survey: Will we give up privacy without a fight? CNN 12.18.14 What MOOCs teach us MIT Technology Review 12.18.14 Stanford aims to bring player pianos back to life Associated Press via BloombergBusinessweek 12.17.14 Law school trigger warnings? Inside Higher Ed 12.17.14 Brain scans shed light on how to sell bargains Forbes 12.17.14 More of Stanford in the News More News Stanford arts don't take a break Stanford chemists take step toward solving mystery of how enzymes work Veteran employment falls as disability enrollment climbs, Stanford study shows Stanford scholar spotlights Catalan journalist Stanford's conservation efforts yield water savings Stanford to host 100-year study on artificial intelligence Spirituality shaped through culture, according to Stanford anthropologist Stanford team combines logic, memory to build a 'high-rise' chip All news For Faculty Staff Report of the President: Academic Council Professoriate appointments Conference, memorial set for Ron McKinnon Stanford Professor Lynn Orr confirmed as head of DOE science and energy research Stanford forms new Office of the Vice Provost for Teaching and Learning Faculty survey finds high engagement, interest in undergraduate teaching More Faculty / Staff Daily news email Campus Topics Stanford people on the move in the spotlight Events More Events For Journalists The Stanford News Service and Office of University Communications offer assistance to print, broadcast and online media. How we can assist you News releases Media contacts Find an expert Photos, video broadcast Communications policies News Service Library Classifieds Classified ads for the community Stay Connected Stanford Homepage Contact Directories Maps Directions . All Rights Reserved. , . .