Home - Cornell Center for Technology Enterprise and Commercialization - CCTEC Skip to main content --> Search Cornell --> Forms Templates Events News Contact About CCTEC Home Technology Plants For Inventors For Industry For Entrepreneurs Advisory Groups Search Technology Plants --> Close --> Home > Welcome Who We Are The Cornell Center for Technology Enterprise Commercialization (CCTEC) is Cornell University's technology transfer office. We manage technology and plant varieties for Cornell University at the main campus in Ithaca, the Weill Cornell Medical College campus in New York City, and the New York State Agricultural Experiment Station in Geneva. Our goal is to support Cornell's land-grant mission and to promote public good by connecting Cornell technology to industry and business development efforts. What We Do Promote beneficial interactions between Cornell researchers and industry. Partner with industry to develop Cornell's technologies and plant varieties into products and services for public good. Leverage Cornell innovations to promote the formation of new businesses based on Cornell technology to fuel regional economic development. How We Do It By marketing, patenting and licensing innovations from Cornell research. By hosting networking events to connect Cornell researchers, industry, and entrepreneurs. By increasing awareness on campus of the value of commercializing and protecting Cornell innovations. Keeping Up With CCTEC Cornell has issued an update to the university's copyright policy (Policy 4.15). Learn more A delegation from Chinese industry and academia visited CCTEC to discuss 3D printing, share information, and build connections for the future Read More NIAGEN , based on licensed Cornell technology, is the featured ingredient in a new product that supports healthy aging. Read More November is Movember and all month long CCTEC is highlighting Cornell's men's health-related technologies . --> CCTEC Resources How we patent, market and commercialize your innovations Our licensing, material transfer and agreement templates Startup technologies seeking entrepreneurs; resources for startups Forms for invention disclosure, material transfer, and sample licensing agreements CornellTechTransfer @CU_TechTransfer CCTEC Tools Search browse available Cornell technologies Search browse available Cornell plant varieties Social networking sites for Cornellians Cornell inventor portal for inventors to view their IP portfolio --> CCTEC Newsletter Enter your email address to receive our newsletter Keeping Up With CCTEC Twitter: END OF KEEPING UP WITH CCTEC --> Follow CCTEC on Twitter! --> Ithaca Office 395 Pine Tree Road Suite 310 Ithaca, NY 14850 P: 607.254.4698 F: 607.254.5454 WCMC Office 418 East 71st Street Suite 61 New York, NY 10021 P: 212.746.6186 F: 212.746.6662 Home | About CCTEC | Contact | News | Events | Forms & Templates FAQ --> CCTEC Startups | Job Opportunities -->