Steps for Admission | Graduate School menu Cornell University Graduate School SEARCH: Grad School  Cornell more options   Main menu Academics Fields of Study Faculty Graduate Degrees Research and Scholarship Learning Assessment Field Metrics Admissions Explore Required Tests Recommendations Statements of Purpose Transcripts International Transcripts International Degree Equivalencies English Language Proficiency Apply Status Fees Costs and Funding Tuition and Costs Assistantships Fellowships Loans Stipend Rates Tax Information Life at Cornell Big Red Barn Resources Your Community Partners and Families Programs Student Governance Office of Student Life Moving to Ithaca Diversity About OIPD Recruitment Diversity Fellowships Student of Color Events Diversity Initiatives Graduate Diversity Council Contact OIPD About Welcome from the Dean Vision and Mission History Governance and Structure Notable Alumni Offices Publications Quick Statistics Reports and Surveys Contacts Video Contest Apply Now Admissions Explore Required Tests Recommendations Statements of Purpose Transcripts International Transcripts International Degree Equivalencies English Language Proficiency Apply Status Fees Students Faculty Academic Calendar Commencement Career Services Events Calendar Forms Requirements Policies Thesis and Dissertation CU-CIRTL Professional Development Welcome Admitted Students! You are here Home » Steps for Admission Facebook Twitter Steps for Admission Explore With nearly 100 fields of study, your critical first step in the admission process is to identify the field and faculty with whom you wish to study. Getting started Graduate field structure List of fields, deadlines, and requirements Tuition by field Prepare At Cornell, graduate admissions decisions are made by faculty in your proposed field of study.  Although the Graduate School coordinates the admission process and establishes minimum requirements for admission, application deadlines and additional requirements vary by field of study and degree program. Take required tests Request recommendations Write a statement of purpose Prepare transcripts Check with your field to confirm supplemental requirements For International Applicants Cornell's graduate community includes students from around the world.  Find additional information just for international applicants here. English language proficiency International transcripts International degree equivalencies Apply All application materials should be uploaded with your online application.  Please do not send unsolicited additional materials to your proposed field of study or the Graduate School.  Changes are not permitted once you submit your application.  Questions should be directed to your graduate field. Application fee and payment Important information and policies Apply now Check your status You may check the status of your application from your ApplyWeb account.  Fields will update the status as your material is processed.  Please allow at least 7 days for your status to be updated. Checking your application status Accepting, deferring, and re-applying Funding and next steps Cornell University Graduate School Caldwell Hall Cornell University Ithaca, NY 14853-2602 Tel:  1-607-255-5820 Fax:  1-607-255-1816 Office hours: Monday through Friday 8:00 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Additional Resources: CU-CIRTL Office of Postdoctoral Studies International Students Scholars Office Graduate Professional Student Assembly Campus Life and Cornell Housing contacts intranet facebook 2014 Cornell University