 International Gateway | Bringing Cornell to the World and the World to Cornell Skip to main content SEARCH CORNELL: International Gateway International Programs and Centers Office of the VP for International Affairs Global Cornell Initiatives Bringing Cornell to the World and the World to Cornell A total of $350,000 in funding is available to Cornell faculty through the new Internationalizing the Cornell Curriculum (ICC) grant program. ICC grants will support projects which integrate international and cross-cultural concepts into the curriculum and expand opportunities for students to engage in meaningful international experiences. Learn more..  click here   At Cornell, we strive to educate our students for global citizenship - to instill a spirit of enquiry about our diverse global society and prepare them to live and work in an increasingly interdependent world. This document celebrates our successes to date and presents key priorities moving forward. We invite you to familiarize yourself with the international initiatives underway on Cornell’s campuses. And we hope you will join the Office of the Vice Provost for International Affairs in supporting our shared vision for a truly Global Cornell. Rachel Harmon ’15 is the recipient of a 2015 Rhodes Scholarship. She will continue her studies and social justice work at the University of Oxford, England. Sherman Cochran, the Hu Shih Professor of Chinese History Emeritus, presented his case that Hu Shih, Class of 1914, is the greatest Cornelian in a Nov. 20 talk on campus. During his two-day visit to campus, the president of Iceland, Ólafur Ragnar Grímsson, recognized a librarian with one of his country's highest honors. Ólafur Ragnar Grímsson, the president of Iceland, told a Cornell audience how his country remade itself from one of Europe’s poorest into one now financially and environmentally secure. Support Global Cornell To support Global Cornell please click the button below.   Make a Gift Online »   Essential Links International Travel International Agreements News Videos