Cornell Extramural Study Please note that our office will be closed for the winter holidays from December 25 through January 4. The website for Cornell University's School of Continuing Education will be undergoing maintenance on Monday, November 11, 2013, beginning at 9:00 a.m. Eastern Standard Time. We expect the maintenance to take less than two hours. During this time the site may be unavailable. If so, please call 607.255.4987 if you need assistance. Thank you for your patience. --> Skip to content --> Home Courses Selecting courses Academic support Credits, grades, and transcripts Independent study Policies Campus life Registration Eligibility Academic calendar Registration categories Visitors program Auditing a course CU/IC exchange program Changes in registration Policies ID cards and NetIDs Tuition Tuition and fees Payment methods Late registration Refund schedule Visiting An overview of the Ithaca campus Accommodations Directions Dining Emergency information Fun things to do Information for visitors with disabilities Religious services Tours Transportation Weather Related links Welcome! Cornell invites you to continue your education, further your career, or simply have fun learning something new through part-time study. Extramural Study is part-time study for: Area residents and retirees Undergraduate and graduate students Cornell employees Corporate learners High school students Executives and professionals International students Anyone else seeking professional or personal advancement Cornell degree candidates are not eligible to participate. Contact / share Contact us Join our e-mail list Tell a friend 150 phenomenal years. Countless ways to celebrate. Are you in? Getting started You can take almost any course at Cornell! Here's how to get started . What do you want to learn? Choose from thousands of regular university courses taught by Cornell faculty. Yes, YOU can study at Cornell Find out who's eligible , from teens to undergrads, execs, alums, and retirees. Visitors Program Don't need credits? Consider the Visitors Program at a substantial discount . . . Registration start dates Fall: August 26, 2014 Spring: January 21, 2015 Enroll now! Any person, any study... What our students say Both in my credit courses and those I audited, I was made to feel welcome by the professors and full-time students, and I really felt part of the Cornell experience. H. Roger Segelken retiree about Extramural Study SCE home | CU home | Weather | Emergency info | Visiting | Search | Help A standard set of policies applies to all information on this site and participation in all School of Continuing Education and Summer Sessions programs. Translations: | Copyright information Display: