Penn Global | Home Menu Search Global Campus About Penn Global International Student and Scholar Services (ISSS) Perry World House Culture and Support Organizations Global Centers Penn Libraries Global Penn Museum Penn World Scholars Admissions Offerings by School Global Opportunities Penn Abroad Short Term Abroad International Career and Employment Resources International Internship Program International Fellowships Opportunities By School Global Impact Global Alumni and Alumni Clubs Global Engagement Fund Open Learning Initiative Global Resources Global Support Services International Travel Guidance Register Your Trip Global Activity Map Global News Events Global Events Global Campus Penn welcomes students, faculty, staff, alumni, and distinguished visitors from every corner of the world. Global Opportunities We are committed to making international experiences an indispensable part of Penn, whether through study abroad, service learning, or innovative travel initiatives. Global Impact We are committed to using our research, expertise, and resources to make a positive contribution on peoples’ lives around the world, both now and in the future. Global Resources Penn offers a wide network of support, resources, and information for all members of the community involved in global engagement.  Looking for a specific Penn Global office? Choose one from below: ISSS Penn Abroad Global Support Services Penn Wharton China Center Grand Opening Events in 2015 President Gutmann, Provost Price, and Dean Garrett are pleased to invite the University to join them in celebrating the opening of the Penn Wharton China Center in Beijing -- the natural next step in the University's longstanding engagement with China and East Asia. See their full message here . GLOBAL ACTIVITY MAP An interactive map that showcases global opportunities for students, global activities of faculty, and the global reach of our alumni. If you are a member of the Penn Faculty and want to update your international activity, please click  here . Strategic Framework for Penn's Global Initiatives 2012-2017 Penn Global Twitter Invalid feed. Latest Global News Dec 18 9:28AM Penn and UGA Awarded $23.4 Million Contract for Pathogen Genomics Database blurb: ... Read More Dec 10 11:44AM Simeprevir-Based Therapy Offers Alternative Treatment of Hepatitis C Says Penn Study blurb: ... Read More Nov 11 12PM Penn Dental Medicine Welcomes Its First Thouron Scholar blurb: ... Read More --> 2012 University of Pennsylvania , Philadelphia, PA 19104 Global Campus l Global Opportunities l Global Impact l Global Resources l Global Activities Map l Campus Map