Morris Arboretum of the University of Pennsylvania | Explore --> WEATHER UPDATE VOLUNTEER RESOURCES Contact Us Connecting people, plants, and place. Notice: Our website is currently undergoing maintenance and information may not be current. For assistance please contact info@morrisarboretum.org . Menu Plan Your Visit General Information Hours Explore Plant Collection Major Trees Gardens Buildings Art Birding Travel Tree Adventure Garden Railway Springfield Mills Horticulture Center Events Calendar For Kids Talks Conferences Education Classes Growing Minds Field Trips Travel Internships School of Arboriculture Partners in Education Penn Students Research Consulting Plant Distribution and Collaboration PA Flora Project Botanical Research Horticultural Research Urban Forestry Consultants Plant Clinic About Mission and Vision History Archives Affiliations Staff and Advisory Board Employment Rentals Weddings Meetings and Special Events Parties Out on a Limb Rental Rates FAQs Support Membership Giving Memorials Tributes Planned Giving The Collectors Circle The Annual Fund Moonlight this event is SOLD OUT. Member Adult: $9.00 / Member Child: $3.00 Non-member Adult: $16.00 / Non-member Child: $8.00 Start a new holiday tradition and come enjoy the Holiday Garden Rail all lit up and decorated for the season during special evening hours. White lights sparkle along the rails and miniature greens adorn the buildings. The Compton Cafe will NOT be open Friday, December 26. A sweet treat from Brendenbeck’s bakery in Chestnut Hill will be given to guests each evening, as supplies last! Back to top Visitor Resources Maps Promotions Events In bloom Featured Event Learn More Become a Member Family memberships pay for themselves in just 3 visits! Join Today! Know Before You Go For the safety of our visitors and to preserve the structural integrity of our tree collection, climbing or sitting on the limbs of trees is not permitted. Thank you! Explore Plant Collection Major Trees Gardens Buildings Art Birding Travel Tree Adventure Garden Railway Springfield Mills Horticulture Center Back to top Weather Update: The Arboretum is open as usual. Please note that winter weather conditions can change quickly, check back or call (215) 247-5777 before heading out for a visit. Weather conditions may limit garden access to certain features even if the garden is open – please check the web site or call (215) 247-5777 for updates before visiting. Our visitors’ safety in the garden is our top priority. Therefore when inclement weather is predicted, we will make decisions about closing the garden accordingly. Our Mission Morris Arboretum of the University of Pennsylvania is a historic public garden and educational institution. It promotes an understanding of the relationship between plants, people and place through programs that integrate science, art and the humanities. Learn More Hours Open Daily 10am to 4pm Admission Fees Contact 215.247.5777 info@morrisarboretum.org Additional Contacts Location 100 E. Northwestern Avenue Philadelphia, PA 19118 Directions 2014 Morris Arboretum of the University of Pennsylvania. All rights reserved 2014 Morris Arboretum of the University of Pennsylvania Employment Hi-Res Photos Contact Us Read visitor reviews on Trip Advisor Penn About Contact Read visitor reviews on Trip Advisor Weather Update: The Arboretum is open as usual. Please note that winter weather conditions can change quickly, check back or call (215) 247-5777 before heading out for a visit. Weather conditions may limit garden access to certain features even if the garden is open – please check the web site or call (215) 247-5777 for updates before visiting. Our visitors’ safety in the garden is our top priority. Therefore when inclement weather is predicted, we will make decisions about closing the garden accordingly.