Penn Alumni - Home Page First Time Login Login PennAlumni --> --> --> Go --> Penn Home QuakerNet Give to Penn Admin Login Events Calendar of Events Alumni Weekend Homecoming Engaging Minds Penn to You Penn to You - yPenn Event Photos Alumni Groups Undergraduate Classes and Reunions Regional Clubs Network Association of Alumnae Graduate School Alumni Multicultural Outreach Penn Alumni Families Penn Traditions Shared Interest Groups Trustees' Council of Penn Women yPenn/Young Penn Alumni Learn s greatest treasures in the company of a Penn faculty host and your fellow Penn alumni. Upcoming Events View all Events Oct 07 Penn Vet's New Bolton Center: First Tuesday Lectures The First Tuesday Lecture Series is an opportunity for Penn Vet's New Bolton Center to share new advances and cutting-edge information with the local horse community. The one-hour lectures, held once a month, will cover a wide range of veterinary subjects, each one of relevance to the horse owner and caregiver. All will be presented by New Bolton Center clinicians, with expertise in the subject. Although the lectures are free, seating is limited so pre-registration is suggested. Dec 22 Friends of Penn Lacrosse NYC Reception 1-22-15 Dec 22 Lacrosse Baltimore Event Dec 30 Family Day at Disney on Ice - Frozen Jan 03 Mary Poppins - Family Day at the Theater Jan 07 Penn Alumni Travel's Virtual Globetrotter Series-Patagonia 12pm (EDT) - 1pm (EDT Join Professor Paul Sniegowski for a lecture on the history and culture of the Patagonian region of South America Jan 09 Penn Alumni Travel's Virtual Globetrotters Series: Cuba Featuring Professor Sharon Ravitch 12:00PM - 1:00Pm (EDT) Join Professor Sharron Ravitch as she discusses globalization in the education sector its relationship to Cuba. Jan 10 Penn Club of DC: Mural Tour at Dept of Justice Behind the imposing facade of the Department of Justice is housed the largest historic art collection of any GSA-built facility. Join the Penn Club of DC for a rare, behind-the-scenes look at the amazing murals and statuary of this building. Along with its Art Deco elements, included will be a tour of 68 murals original to the building and the Spirit of Justice, often seen in photos of Attorney Generals and once the source of controversy with John Ashcroft. Jan 10 Penn Club of Philadelphia: Casserole Blitz with UC Hospitality Coalition Join us when we volunteer with the University City Hospitality Coalition to make casserole dinners. UCHC uses casseroles on average twice a week, each time going through 12 casseroles. Our casseroles will be a great help as UCHC prepares meals 250 nights a year. 60% of those 25,000 dinners are made by one person. Jan 11 Penn Alumni Club of Philadelphia: Ben Birthday Bash 2014 Join the Penn Alumni Club of Philadelphia for a special birthday brunch celebration for University of Pennsylvania Founder Benjamin Franklin at the Liberty View Ballroom. Ben Franklin himself will join our group for photos, questions, and an interactive brunch by Br l e Catering by Chef Jean-Marie Lacroix. The Liberty View Ballroom is located on the mezzanine level of the Independence Visitor Center in the heart of America's most Historic Square with spectacular views of Independence Hall and The Liberty Bell Center. Our buffet menu includes: Scrambled Eggs, Home-style Hashbrowns, Poblano Peppers, Assorted Mini Pastries with Butter and Fresh Preserves, Fresh Fruit, Assorted Individual Yogurts and Granola, Cereals, Bagels, and Accompaniments. Beverages include Assorted Juices, Coffee, Tea, and Bottled Water. Following brunch, our group will be escorted to see Dr. Franklin's grave. Jan 11 Penn Club of Seattle: Ben's Birthday Bash Join the Penn Club of Seattle in celebrating Ben Franklin s 309th birthday with an evening of bowling, billiards, food and drink at the great space known as The Garage on Capitol Hill in Seattle. Bowling begins at 5:00 PM. You can bowl, schmooze, eat and drink, play some billiards and just enjoy the company of local Penn alumni. Cost for the night will be $10, which includes bowling and shoe rentals. $20 includes bowling, shoe rental and a Penn pint glass! Food and drink is no-host. Venue is 21+ (no minors). Jan 13 Penn Alumni Travel's Virtual Globetrotter Series-Southern Africa 2PM - 3PM (EDT) Featuring Professor David Wallace Join Professor Wallace for a lecture on the history and culture in Southern Africa. View all Events Find Penn Alumni on QuakerNet Search for fellow classmates update your contact information. Connect with Alumni Class Year Grad School Regional Club Featured Partner Tweets by @Pennalumni @PennAlumni Events Alumni Groups Learn 2014 University of Pennsylvania Contact Us Privacy Policy 2013 University of Pennsylvania