NYU Gallatin School of Individualized Study --> Skip to Content Skip to Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Sub Navigation Students Prospective Students Incoming First-Year Students Current Undergraduate Students Current Graduate Students Faculty --> carousel slider Please upgrade Internet Explorer. News Martha O’Donovan (BA ’14) and Karina Altamirano (BA ’15) Awarded International Travel-Study Grants more Professors Anker, Harpman, and Joachim Team Up to Imagine the Architecture of the Future more Students Go Global with Fellowships more A Gallatin Undergrad Brings the Best of Hacking to the World more Events more more more more Profiles BA Students MA Students Faculty Alumni Julie-Ann chose Gallatin because the School afforded her the opportunity to build a core foundation at NYU’s College of Arts and Science and the Robert F. Wagner Graduate School of Public Service, fusing her varied interests under Gallatin’s interdisciplinary umbrella. The summer after her freshman year, Julie-Ann served as an more More student and alumni profiles Adam is a New York City native as well as a dancer, choreographer, and media artist. He has danced with The Metropolitan Opera Ballet Company, The Mark Morris Dance Group, Shen Wei Dance Arts, and Christopher Williams, and for four years served as the Artistic Associate to Jonah Bokaer. In more More student and alumni profiles Michael D. Dinwiddie’s teaching interests include cultural studies, African American theater history, dramatic writing, filmmaking and ragtime music. A dramatist whose works have been produced in New York, regional and educational theater, he has been playwright-in-residence at Michigan State University and St. Louis University and taught writing courses at the more More faculty profiles The year prior to graduation from Gallatin, Eric was named the 2013 Environmentalist of the Year from his home state of New Jersey, which also awarded him 2013 Governor's Environmental Excellence Award. In 2008, when he was sixteen, he founded for the Mahwah Environmental Volunteers Organization, Inc. (MEVO), environmental 501(c)(3) more More student and alumni profiles NYU Gallatin Footer Gallatin School of Individualized Study 1 Washington Place New York, NY 10003 (212) 998-7370 A Z Index Directions Contact Us Job Opportunities News Support Gallatin Feedback Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Youtube Follow us Instagram Unless otherwise noted, all content copyright NYU Gallatin. All rights reserved.