Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences New York University Faculty of Arts and Science College of Arts and Science Graduate School of Arts and Science CIMS Login go --> go Institute Home Educational Programs Research --> People Publications Seminars and Events Alumni Mathematics Computer Science Atmosphere Ocean Science Research Centers Resources Academic Calendar Computing Resources Contact Info Courant Library Getting to Courant In House CIMS Committees CIMS Directory Classroom Calendar --> Classroom Calendar Guide to Services Reminder: Systems Outage Friday 5pm - Saturday 5pm (More Information) --> Message from the Director New York University's Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences is a leading center for research and education in mathematics and computer science. For seventy-five years, we have contributed to U.S. and international science and engineering by promoting an integrated view of mathematics and computation. [Read More] News Announcements Subhash Khot Wins The Nevanlinna Prize! Warm Congratulations to Subhash!! Please see the news release for further information. Also read " What It Takes to Win the World's Highest [more] Congratulations to Hilary Sachar on completing the 2014 NYC Marathon!! [more] Andrew Majda, Morse Professor of Arts Sciences at NYU Courant is the recipient of the 2015 ICIAM Lagrange Prize! Warm congratulations to Andy!! The International Congress on Industrial and Applied Mathematics (ICIAM) awards the Lagrange Prize to Andy in recognition of his ground-breaking, [more] Welcome to the fall 2014 Courant Scholars! Melissa Amber Schiff Andrew K Lee Katharina Plajer Regina Zbarskaya [more] 2014 Silver Professors David McLaughlin and Patrick Cousot are the 2014 Silver Professors! Warm congratulations to Dave and to Patrick!! For more information [more] More News Announcements Alumni News Seminars and Events Thursday, April 23, 2015 Courant Lectures Part 1 3:00PM, WWH 109 Title: TBA , Friday, April 24, 2015 Courant Lectures Part 2 10:00AM, WWH 102 Title: TBA , Student Prizes Ceremony 2:30PM, WWH 109 Title: N/A , Tuesday, May 12, 2015 Showcase 5:00PM, WWH 13th floor commons Title: NYU COMPUTER SCIENCE SPRING 2015 SHOWCASE Various speakers, Come join the students of the Computer Science department at an event showcasing projects that have been completed in various computer science graduate and undergraduate courses this semester. This is a great opportunity to see the creativity and industry of NYU's CS department. More Seminars Special Events Courant Lectures Part 1 , , Courant Lectures Part 2 , , Student Prizes Ceremony , , More Special Events contact: webmaster at cims.nyu.edu New York University