--> Curiosity rover finds organics on Mars | Michigan Engineering Michigan Engineering Skip to Main Content Contact Select Role Name Item --> Search About Welcome from the Dean News Center College Calendar Social Feed Contact Us Ann Arbor Campus People College Administration College Resources Facts Figures Research Research Centers Labs Faculty MCubed Undergraduate Research Opportunities Getting Research Funding Center for Research on Learning Teaching in Engineering (CRLT-Engin) Academics Undergraduate Degrees Programs Graduate Degrees Programs Student Resources Academic Calendar Course Guide Bulletin Graduation Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions International Students Scholarships Financial Aid FAQs Visit Us Departments Aerospace Engineering Atmospheric, Oceanic and Space Sciences Biomedical Engineering Chemical Engineering Civil and Environmental Engineering Electrical Engineering and Computer Science Industrial and Operations Engineering Integrative Systems + Design Materials Science and Engineering Mechanical Engineering Naval Architecture and Marine Engineering Nuclear Engineering and Radiological Sciences Interdisciplinary Graduate Programs College-Wide Offerings Giving Why to Give Giving Opportunities Ways to Give Alumni Relations Info for You Prospective Students Current Students Alumni Faculty Staff Supporters of the College Family Parents Corporate Partners Media / College College --> / About / News / Stories / 2014 / December / Curiosity rover finds organics on Mars About Welcome from the Dean News NewsCenter Digital Multimedia Experiences Calendar Social Feed Ann Arbor Campus People College Resources Administration Facts Figures Contact Us Contact Contact: Michigan Engineering ncmoore@umich.edu (734) 647-7087 Related Links A Laboratory on Mars: A digital multimedia experience about the Curiosity mission Revisiting Mars: The search for liquid water and life on the planet next door Curiosity News Releases Curiosity rover finds organics on Mars Curiosity: one year on How Mars' atmosphere got so thin: New insights from Curiosity SpaceX experts: U-M aerospace engineers can comment on upcoming launch Mars Science Lab update: What remains of Mars’ atmosphere is still dynamic see more Info Curiosity rover finds organics on Mars From: Michigan Engineering Not life, but its chemical building blocks, have been detected on Mars and University of Michigan engineers and planetary scientists played a role in the discovery. This week, NASA reported that the Curiosity rover found organic molecules—spike of methane in the planet's atmosphere and carbon in Martian rock. Organic molecules are carbon- and often hydrogen-based compounds that make up living things. But they're also found elsewhere. "This temporary increase in methane—sharply up and then back down—tells us there must be some relatively localized source," Sushil Atreya, a Michigan Engineering professor of atmospheric, oceanic and space sciences, said in a NASA news release . "There are many possible sources, biological or non-biological, such as interaction of water and rock." The two leading hypotheses, the New York Times reports, are that the methane is a waste product released by living microbes or a result of a rock and water interaction called serpentinization. Both scenarios would likely involve activity beneath the Martian surface. Microbes could conceivably exist in water underground, or they could have existed there in the past when Mars was wetter and warmer. And serpentinization could have happened during hydrothermal activity in the past or even today if aquifers are present underground. In either case, the methane that Curiosity detected could have formed very recently, or long ago. If it formed long ago, it could be stored in lattice-like structures called clathrates. "These are molecular cages of water-ice in which methane gas is trapped. From time to time, these could be destabilised, perhaps by some mechanical or thermal stress, and the methane gas would be released to find its way up through cracks or fissures in the rock to enter the atmosphere," Atreya told the BBC News . Future Curiosity tests might shed light on the source of the organics. In 2004, Atreya, who helped conceive of the Curiosity mission decades ago, was on a team that detected trace amounts of methane in Mars' atmosphere with the European Space Agency's Mars Express orbiter. Other research groups reported methane at Mars as well, from Earth-based telescopes and spacecraft orbiting Mars, but those findings have been highly controversial. Curiosity is the first to directly confirm methane on the red planet. It took measurements with the most precise instrument of its kind to ever roll across Mars. Atreya is a science lead on Curiosity's Sample Analysis at Mars, or SAM, suite of instruments, which sniffed the Martian air for methane a dozen times to arrive at these latest results. Two consecutive measurements showed a spike of of 7 parts per billion, while other samples showed one-tenth that amount. The spike in methane was seen over a two-month period, but it could have lasted for six months, Atreya told the New York Times. NASA also announced that the rover found "the first definitive detection of organics in surface materials of Mars" when it detected a carbon-based compound in powder drilled from a rock. These Martian organics could either have formed there or been delivered by meteorites. U-M's Space Physics Research Lab built electronic components of SAM. Article topics: About Michigan Engineering: The University of Michigan College of Engineering is one of the top engineering schools in the country. Eight academic departments are ranked in the nation's top 10 -- some twice for different programs. Its research budget is one of the largest of any public university. Its faculty and students are making a difference at the frontiers of fields as diverse as nanotechnology, sustainability, healthcare, national security and robotics. They are involved in spacecraft missions across the solar system, and have developed partnerships with automotive industry leaders to transform transportation. Its entrepreneurial culture encourages faculty and students alike to move their innovations beyond the laboratory and into the real world to benefit society. Its alumni base of nearly 70,000 spans the globe. caen-www-plone1.engin.umich.edu:8081 The Regents of the University of Michigan Michigan Engineering | College Administration, 1221 Beal Avenue, Ann Arbor, MI 48109-2102 +1 (734) 647-7000 | Contact the College Information