1,000 Pitches winners part of national movement | University of Michigan News Menu All Stories Multimedia Videos Slideshows For Journalists All Stories Multimedia Videos Slideshows For Journalists Loading Español | खबरें हिंदी में | 密歇根大学 | Português Twitter Facebook YouTube Flickr Futurity RSS Arts Culture Business Economy Education Society Environment Health Law Politics Science Technology Around the World A+ A A- 1,000 Pitches winners part of national movement Dec 02, 2014 Contact Nicole Casal Moore ANN ARBOR—The world's largest student pitch competition is helping to spread the spirit of entrepreneurship across the University of Michigan and beyond. The 1,000 Pitches contest, which began at U-M seven years ago, has grown to six campuses across the country, and this year it gathered more than 7,500 ideas. U-M's winners were announced Dec. 1 at an awards ceremony at the Michigan Union. "Making a difference always begins with an individual or group of individuals having an idea, and I applaud your initiative," U-M President Mark Schlissel told the students. "You are showing that innovation and creativity are not just alive and well, but thriving at the University of Michigan." Other universities that took part this year are Penn State University, University of Pittsburgh, Virginia Tech, University of Southern California and University of Arizona. Each university chose its own set of winners. "We've created a movement, and we're creating a network of entrepreneurs across the nation," said sophomore Yianni Kontorousis, 1,000 Pitches director with the MPowered Entrepreneurship student organization that runs the contest. U-M students submitted more than 4,300 ideas in nine categories. Winners are: In Research, Praveen Loganathan , a sophomore in the Stephen M. Ross School of Business, for Home-Based Hydrogen Fueling Stations. Loganathan is interested in studying whether homes could serve as fueling stations for future hydrogen cars. Website: https://1000pitches.com/pitch/20779 In Web and Software, Alex Cox , a sophomore studying neuroscience in LSA. Cox pitched Doctor Tracker, a text-based service to help people in developing nations find the closest physician. Website: https://1000pitches.com/pitch/20766 In Tech and Hardware, Mac Levin , a freshman at the Ross School, for The Washer/Dryer 3000. Levin pitched a one-stop laundry shop that washes, dries and folds clothes. Website: https://1000pitches.com/pitch/19708 In Health, Arianna Carley , a sophomore studying mechanical engineering at the College of Engineering, for Dynamic Convertible Wheelchair. Carley's device, for which she has a patent pending, is a combined wheelchair and chair lift that would help health workers transport patients from a wheelchair to a bed and vice versa. Carley saw a need while volunteering in a hospital. "After talking to hospital staff, I learned that there was no good solution currently available and decided to formulate my own," Carley said. Website: https://1000pitches.com/pitch/16529 In Environment, Emma Backman , a senior studying materials science and engineering at CoE, for Biodegradable Isolation Gown. Isolation gowns protect both hospital workers and patients from the spread of infectious disease. The material they're made of today takes thousands of years to break down in a landfill, and the U-M Health System, for example, needs 1.6 million of them every year. Website: https://1000pitches.com/pitch/19241 In Education, John Kloosterman , a second-year doctoral student in computer science and engineering at CoE, for Academic Paper Aggregator. Kloosterman pitched a website that would list important papers in various academic fields, helping new graduate students determine which one transformed fields and which were incremental advances. Website: https://1000pitches.com/pitch/16454 In Mobile Apps, Patrick Wilson , a senior studying computer science and engineering at CoE, for WTD, or What To Do. What To Do is a mobile app that suggests productive activities as antidotes to social media time wasting. Website: https://1000pitches.com/pitch/15683 In U-Provements—ideas to improve U-M's campus— Raina Srivastava , a freshman who hasn't declared a major, for VOICE. This app and forum would that let students post 500-word stories about their experiences relating to a particular issue on campus. Website: https://1000pitches.com/pitch/19891 In Consumer Product, Danping "Amy" Zhao , a junior studying communications in LSA, for Self-Defense Phone Case. Zhao's idea is an affordable, sleek and stylish phone case with two cat-ear-shaped points that could be used to jab an assaulter in an emergency. Website: https://1000pitches.com/pitch/20712 Related Links: 1,000 Pitches: http://1000pitches.com/ Browse the pitch gallery: https://1000pitches.com/pitch/gallery MPowered Entrepreneurship: http://mpowered.umich.edu/ Tweet Recent Features A majority of Michigan local governments firm up financial practices Expectant fathers experience prenatal hormone changes Feature Topic Twitter Facebook YouTube Flickr Copyright 2014 University of Michigan Regents Michigan News 412 Maynard St. , MI Phone: More News Arts Athletics Global Michigan Health System Public Affairs World Class Publications Michigan Today The University Record