Star Spangled Music | Celebrating the Bicentennial of the U.S. National Anthem — 14 September 2014 --> Celebrating the Bicentennial of the U.S. National Anthem — 14 September 2014 Skip to content Home Blog Our Projects Star Spangled Music Day K-16 Education Performance and Media Thomas Hampson Recital—3 July 2014 Chesapeake Summer of 1814 Star Spangled Music Editions Poets Patriots Recorded History of USA s Anthem Complete Lyrics for Poets Patriots Poets Patriots Talent Credits Star Spangled Songbook Contents List for Songbook and Recordings For Educators Star-Spangled Music Day Sept. 12 Curriculum Page FAQs Complete Accurate Text of The Star-Spangled Banner Documents Online Lesson Plans and Resources Curriculum Grid Standards PowerPoint Gallery Free Sheet Music Recordings Star-Spangled Stories National Teacher Institute Teachers Network Schools Network Essays Banner Mythconceptions Music Makes for a Banner School Year! Why Teach the Banner? Living Anthems Our National Anthems SSB: Happy 199 and Counting! Further Resources FAQs Star Spangled Music Editions Recordings Multi-Media Books Kids Books Photos Email Updates Contact Press Info Store About Donate Your Reliable Source for the History of American Patriotic Music Banner Moments Exhibit at U-Michigan Graduate Library (Audubon Gallery and Room 100) through Dec. 14, 2014 Featured by The New York Times , the Detroit News , the Washington Post , CNN , C-Span , the Smithsonian , Encyclopedia Britannica, PBS , Slate.com , The Choral Journal , and Chorus America s The Voice , StarSpangledMusic.Org and the Star Spangled Music Foundation were created in celebration of the 200th birthday of the U.S. national anthem. Popular resources are: Our BLOG #1 Mythconceptions #2 Banner Moments Star Spangled Music Editions ! Free vocal, choral, band, and orchestral scores. Recordings and Videos Our P oets Patriots recording project features 37 tracks and we have created dozens of videos you can use in your classroom. The Star Spangled Music Foundation Our mission is to bring teacher-tested curricular materials as well as the best of musicological research on American music to students, teachers, and the public, with a focus on accurate and high quality information and teaching tools about Francis Scott Key s most famous song. Like democracy itself, song requires active participation. Song is as much a verb as a noun. It offers a means to practice citizenship and for Americans young and old to discuss who we are and who we want to be as US citizens and citizens of the world. Please Explore! Many, many other resources can be found by exploring our site or use the search box above to find pages connected to your interests. Questions? Don t see what you need? Send an email to info@starspangledmusic.org with questions or suggestions! Share this: Search for: Like Us on FaceBook Poets Patriots Is Here! Our recorded history of "The Star-Spangled Banner" with 22 world premiere recordings is now available! You can purchase the CD here or download it from Amazon , iTunes , GooglePlay , Spotify , etc. Top Posts Pages Your Reliable Source for the History of American Patriotic Music An Inspiring Anthem from Resounding Joy The Music of Poetry: Decoded Star Spangled Music Editions Spangled Mythconception #4: Key s Banner is Based on a Bawdy Old English Drinking Song Recent Posts Music Day in St. Paul, Minnesota Banner Moment #9: August 18, 1969—Hendrix Plays the Anthem at Woodstock A Celebration of Two Centuries of a Song — 4PM Live Stream Star Spangled Music Day Report—New York Public Library Exhibit Opening Star Spangled Music Day Report—North Carolina Follow @SpangledMusic My Tweets Recent Comments on Thomas Hamspon Poets Patriotism Recital Program on Thomas Hamspon Poets Patriotism Recital Program on A World Premiere Recording of The Star-Spangled Banner ? on Please Contact Us with Questions or Ideas on Chronicles of War: How Artists, Poets, and Musicians share their experiences during the War of 1812 Tag Cloud 200th Birthday African American History American Anacreon Tune angel island AP US History Baltimore Band Music banner moments Choral Music Cirriculum composition culture Dance English Language Arts English Language Ats Flag House Ft. McHenry Grace Wisher History immigrant Information Literacy K-3 language Library Mary Pickersgill multicultural NEH Political Parties Primary Source Project RaiseItUp Regional Identities Research Social Studies star spangled banner summer teacher institute Theater Arts translation US Visual Art Archives September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 May 2013 March 2013 January 2013 September 2012 Where Is this Widget? SSMF is amazing. Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Star Spangled Music Proudly powered by WordPress. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.