THE CALTECH ARCHIVES Home About Us Our Collections Access and Use Contact Search were formally established in 1968 to serve as the collective memory of the California Institute of Technology. Our mission is to preserve and make accessible the institutional records, personal papers, documents, artifacts and pictorial materials that tell the school's history. The Archives' unique research collections in the history of science and technology range from the time of Copernicus to today. They are available to the campus community for instructional and research purposes, as well as to qualified non-campus users by appointment. Goldberger papers collection guide online Marvin L. Murph Goldberger (1922-2014) was Caltech's fifth President and professor of particle physics, who worked on the Manhattan project. A researchable collection guide has been published online at the Online Archives of California (OAC). Learn more. Stanley papers collection guide online Gordon J. Stanley (1921-2001) was a key contributor to radio astronomy, both in Australia and the United States. A researchble collection guide has been published online at the Online Archives of California (OAC). Learn more. Collections in preparation: Aron Kuppermann Professor Aron Kuppermann (1926-2011) was a leader in the field of computational chemistry and was best known for his theoretical studies of the dynamics of chemical reactions. His collection of papers covering different aspects of his work was recently donated to the Caltech Archives. Login to your ARCHIVES ACCOUNT ORIGINAL COLOR PHOTO OF GREAT ROSE BOWL HOAX COMES TO LIGHT The 1961 Rose Bowl will be long remembered for the stunning prank pulled off by Caltech undergrads during the scheduled half-time card stunt. Unwitting Washington fans displayed Caltech instead of Huskies, thanks to supremely clever maneuvering by diabolical Techers. After a long hunt by one alumnus, the only known original color photograph of the redirected stunt, taken inside the Rose Bowl, has been located and donated to the Caltech Archives. For the full story of the photograph click here . previous Talk of the Archives 2014 California Institute of Technology.