Campus Life News | Caltech Main About Caltech @Caltech At a Glance Viewbook Offices Services Our Vision Mission Statement President Leadership Annual Report Our People Faculty Students Staff Alumni Our Impact History Milestones Awards Honors Industry Economy Sustainability Our Stories iTunes U E S Archives Did you Know? News Events News Latest Stories Research News Campus Life Earthquakes Announcements Institute Announcements Awards Spotlight Around Campus Emergency Info Calendar Events Master Calendar Public Events Commencement Academic Calendar Press Caltech in the Media Resources Media Contacts Research Education Academic Divisions Biology Biological Engineering Chemistry Chemical Engineering Academic Divisions -2nd-col Engineering Applied Science Geological Planetary Sciences Humanities Social Sciences Physics, Math Astronomy Research Sponsored Research Research Centers Student Research Education Undergraduate Graduate Learning Initiatives Online Learning Resources Library Registrar Academic Calendar Offices Services Join Us Apply Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Financial Aid Visit Plan Your Visit Campus Maps Tours Public Events Work Employment Opportunities Benefits Human Resources Employee Resources Support Why Give Giving Impact Giving Options How to Give Campus Life News 12/19/2014 Modeling Politics: An Interview With Alexander Hirsch Kimm Fesenmaier All those political statements that we, as humans, make? Alexander Hirsch, a new associate professor of political science at Caltech, creates mathematical models to actually test them. 12/12/2014 Quantum Code-Cracking: An Interview with Thomas Vidick Jessica Stoller-Conrad Thomas Vidick, assistant professor of computing and mathematical sciences, works to apply algorithms to quantum systems. 12/05/2014 Prime Numbers, Quantum Fields, and Donuts: An Interview with Xinwen Zhu Jessica Stoller-Conrad Xinwen Zhu, associate professor of mathematics, joined the Caltech faculty in September. He tells us about himself and his work with a web of mathematical conjectures called the Langlands program. 12/01/2014 Senior Adam Jermyn Named Marshall Scholar Jessica Stoller-Conrad Adam Jermyn, a Caltech senior, has been chosen as a recipient of the 2015 Marshall Scholarship to pursue graduate studies in Great Britain. 11/14/2014 Converting Data Into Knowledge: An Interview with Yisong Yue Jessica Stoller-Conrad New faculty member Yisong Yue, assistant professor of computing and mathematical sciences, recently spoke with us about his research interests in machine learning and what he is looking forward to at Caltech. 11/07/2014 Making Hotter Engines and Lasting Artwork: An Interview with Katherine Faber Jessica Stoller-Conrad New faculty member Katherine Faber, the Simon Ramo Professor of Materials Science, studies the reasons why brittle ceramics fracture—and how these materials can be made stronger in the future. 11/03/2014 Using Simulation and Optimization to Cut Wait Times for Voters Jessica Stoller-Conrad By developing a tool to help better prepare polling places, Caltech sophomore Sean McKenna is hoping to minimize the amount of time we spend in line at the polls. 10/31/2014 No Galaxy Too Small: An Interview with Evan Kirby Douglas Smith "I study the smallest galaxies we know about...These galaxies are interesting because they are part of our cosmic story. The first galaxies to form were small ones, and over time they got smashed together to build up bigger ones." 10/20/2014 How to Grip an Asteroid Kimm Fesenmaier Caltech junior Edward Fouad spent 10 weeks this summer as part of the Summer Undergraduate Research Fellowship (SURF) program working in the lab of Aaron Parness, a group leader at JPL, where researchers are designing, prototyping, and refining technology for a device called a microspine gripper. Looking something like a robotic circular foot with many toes extending radially outward, such a gripper has the ability to grab onto a rocky surface and cling to it even when hanging upside down. 10/16/2014 Improving The View Through Tissues and Organs Kimm Fesenmaier This summer, several undergraduate students at Caltech had the opportunity to help optimize a promising technique that can make tissues and organs—even entire organisms—transparent for study. As part of the Summer Undergraduate Research Fellowship (SURF) program, these students worked in the lab of Viviana Gradinaru, where researchers are developing such so-called clearing techniques that make it possible to peer straight through normally opaque tissues rather than seeing them only as thinly sectioned slices that have been pieced back together. 10/10/2014 Seismology and Resilient Infrastructure: An Interview with Domniki Asimaki Jessica Stoller-Conrad Domniki Asimaki is interested in the behavior of geotechnical systems under the influence of forces such as wind, waves, and seismological activity. 1 of 54 ››