Research News | Caltech Main About Caltech @Caltech At a Glance Viewbook Offices Services Our Vision Mission Statement President Leadership Annual Report Our People Faculty Students Staff Alumni Our Impact History Milestones Awards Honors Industry Economy Sustainability Our Stories iTunes U E S Archives Did you Know? News Events News Latest Stories Research News Campus Life Earthquakes Announcements Institute Announcements Awards Spotlight Around Campus Emergency Info Calendar Events Master Calendar Public Events Commencement Academic Calendar Press Caltech in the Media Resources Media Contacts Research Education Academic Divisions Biology Biological Engineering Chemistry Chemical Engineering Academic Divisions -2nd-col Engineering Applied Science Geological Planetary Sciences Humanities Social Sciences Physics, Math Astronomy Research Sponsored Research Research Centers Student Research Education Undergraduate Graduate Learning Initiatives Online Learning Resources Library Registrar Academic Calendar Offices Services Join Us Apply Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Financial Aid Visit Plan Your Visit Campus Maps Tours Public Events Work Employment Opportunities Benefits Human Resources Employee Resources Support Why Give Giving Impact Giving Options How to Give Research News 12/15/2014 Cake or Carrots? Timing May Decide What You'll Nosh On Jessica Stoller-Conrad Choosing foods that are good for you may be a matter of getting your brain to focus on nutritional info . . . and quickly. The Science of Healthy Eating Video of The Science of Healthy Eating 12/11/2014 14 for 2014 In case you missed any of them, here are 14 stories of the discoveries, methods, and technologies that came to life at Caltech in 2014. 11/26/2014 New Technique Could Harvest More of the Sun's Energy Jessica Stoller-Conrad Solar panels convert visible light from the sun into electricity—but the sun's infrared light passes right through the panel's silicon material. Caltech researchers have come up with a method that may be able to harness that lost energy. 11/20/2014 Caltech Geologists Discover Ancient Buried Canyon in South Tibet Kimm Fesenmaier A team of researchers has discovered an ancient, deep canyon buried along the Yarlung Tsangpo River in south Tibet. The geologists say that the ancient canyon—thousands of feet deep in places—effectively rules out a popular model used to explain how the massive and picturesque gorges of the Himalayas became so steep, so fast. 11/10/2014 Heat Transfer Sets the Noise Floor for Ultrasensitive Electronics A team of engineers and scientists has identified a source of electronic noise that could affect the functioning of instruments operating at very low temperatures, such as devices used in radio telescopes and advanced physics experiments. 11/10/2014 Robotic Ocean Gliders Aid Study of Melting Polar Ice Jessica Stoller-Conrad Caltech researchers use robotic ocean gliders to study how warm water is making its way to Antarctic ice sheets—and how this warming ultimately leads to rising ocean levels. 11/07/2014 Unexpected Findings Change the Picture of Sulfur on the Early Earth Kimm Fesenmaier Using a new analytical technique, Caltech researchers studying the rock record uncover new information about the sulfur cycle on early Earth and what that could mean for the rise of oxygen in the atmosphere. 11/06/2014 Caltech Rocket Experiment Finds Surprising Cosmic Light Kathy Svitil Using an experiment carried into space on a NASA suborbital rocket, astronomers at Caltech and their colleagues have detected a diffuse cosmic glow that appears to represent more light than that produced by known galaxies in the universe. 10/27/2014 Figuring Out How We Get the Nitrogen We Need Kimm Fesenmaier Caltech chemists have used the resources of the Molecular Observatory to take a crucial step toward unlocking the mystery of how bacteria use an enzyme called nitrogenase to convert nitrogen into a form that living systems can use. 10/20/2014 Sweeping Air Devices For Greener Planes Jessica Stoller-Conrad Researchers at Caltech have developed a system that could make some airplanes more fuel-efficient by allowing them to safely fly with smaller, lighter tails. 10/15/2014 Getting To Know Super-Earths Kimm Fesenmaier Results from NASA's Kepler planet-hunting mission have indicated that the most common planets in the galaxy are super-Earths—those that are bigger than Earth but smaller than Neptune. Heather Knutson and her colleagues are using space telescopes to try to find out more about these worlds. 1 of 90 ››