Engineering Applied Science Caltech Division of Engineering and Applied Science Working at the leading edges of fundamental science to invent the technologies of the future. Read More Ares Rosakis SPOTLIGHT NEWS Professor Arnold to Chair Advisory Panel for Packard Science s student ] Quantum Code-Cracking Thomas Vidick , Assistant Professor of Computing and Mathematical Sciences, researches quantum computing and specifically the computer science of quantum physics. He is trying to figure out how some of the principles of quantum computing can be applied right now, using today's technology. [ Interview with Professor Vidick ] [ ENGenious article ] More ENGenious is a publication for alumni and friends of the Division of Engineering and Applied Science. View ENGenious online Our Departments Aerospace (GALCIT) Applied Physics Materials Science Computing Mathematical Sciences Electrical Engineering Environmental Science Engineering Mechanical Civil Engineering Medical Engineering Featured Events Size Matters: The Importance of Building Small Things Professor Julia R. Greer Earnest C. Watson Lecture Series January 21, 8:00 pm Beckman Auditorium Edward E. Zukoski Lecture Speaker: Sergey B. Dorofeev, FM Global February 6, 2015, 3:00–4:00 PM Lees-Kubota Lecture Hall Calendar More Events Alumni Association Newsletter Alumnus Receives Award from Council on Large Electric Systems Pushing the Envelope - Alumnae Niniane Wang Alumnus Minghong Lin Receives Best Student Paper Award 50th Anniversary of the Launch of the First Geostationary Satellite Alumnus Launches Antares Rocket Remembering a Milestone --> International Scholarship Focused on Engineering Global Challenges Announced --> @Caltech News for Alumni --> Alumni College 2013 --> Distinguished Alumnus Roddam Narasimha Receives Civilian Honor from the President of India --> Ray Feeney Joins Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences' Tech Council --> Alumni Named Broadcom Distinguished Engineers --> Walter G. Kortschak Elected to Board of Trustees --> Machine Learning Online Course With Live Lectures --> Fleming House Takes Over Rose Bowl Field --> Telle Whitney to Speak at Claremont Graduate University Commencement --> Simon Ramo and Mark Kryder Receive Distinguished Alumni Awards Alumni Named to Forbes Magazine's 30 Under 30 --> Favorite alumni memories 2011 Caltech Distinguished Alumni --> David Thompson Receives International von Kármán Wings Award --> Intel Acquires Company Founded by CMS Alumni --> Save the date for the Alumni College September 16th and 17th --> Alumnus Michael W. Hunkapiller donates $10,000 to student for innovation --> Narendra K. Gupta elected to the Caltech Board of Trustees --> GALCIT Alumnus Ian A. Waitz named dean of MIT's School of Engineering --> Alumnus and Trustee Simon Ramo Awarded the Goddard Memorial Trophy --> Peter Tong (EE MS '81, PhD '85) wins Alumni Volunteer Award --> Save the date for the 74th ANNUAL SEMINAR DAY --> Honor Lectures Prizes Richard Bruce Chapman Memorial Award Demetriades - Tsafka - Kokkalis Prizes Henry Ford II Scholar Award James R. and Shirley A. Kliegel Lecture Wouk Lecture Lemelson-MIT Student Prize 2009-2011 Executive Education Center for Technology and Management Education Positions Available ACCESS --> search options About People Departments Admissions Centers News Events Resources Contact Get Involved EAS Departments Aerospace (GALCIT) Applied Physics and Material Science Computing and Mathematical Sciences Electrical Engineering Environmental Science and Engineering Mechanical and Civil Engineering Medical Engineering Caltech Divisions BBE CCE EAS GPS HSS PMA NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory For Students Admissions Course Catalog Summer Programs Executive Education Center for Technology and Management Education (CTME) For Our Division Positions Available Forms and Procedures Communications Office Learn More Research Centers ENGenious Executive Education Visit Us Contact Get Involved California Institute of Technology 1200 E California Blvd. MC 155-44, Pasadena, CA 91125 2014 Caltech . All rights reserved . back to top