Fear The Turtle | University of Maryland About Our Story Impact Made Bigger Here Creative Gallery The University of Maryland. Here, great gets greater. Theory becomes practice. Thinking turns into doing. Power becomes action. We re not satisfied with beginnings. We need to set things in motion. Start movements. Shift behavior. Break new ground. Step forward. Challenge convention. Jump in. Stir the pot. See things others miss. Enter through different doors. Embrace impossible. Raise expectations. Build communities. Move boundaries. We are provocateurs. Perfectionists. Entrepreneurs. Curious. Empathetic. Active. And hungry. Our path will be ongoing and will not be summed up by a single slogan. We have a mighty spirit inside that will not be denied. Let us stand together and chart our course. Let us capture imaginations. Allow the world to see our genius, our talent, our heritage, our future. We are the University of Maryland. Fear the Turtle. Close About When you re wrangling Nobels, planning missions to space and entrepeneurin like crazy, people should know about it. That s why we ve created this site. To showcase our Fear The Turtle-ness and to tell stories about UMD faculty, staff, students and alumni who are kicking the status quo to the curb. This is only the beginning. We ll be adding more to the site so check back. And don t forget to Fear The Turtle! Our Story It starts with grit and determination and the rebels of genius. It starts with hard-charging visionaries, with Nobels, Pulitzers and national championships. It starts in the corridors of influence and the far corners of the mind. It starts with a fresh perspective and an insatiable hunger for what's next. Impact Made Bigger Here The University of Maryland, a premier public university, exemplifies excellence by leveraging its unique location adjacent to the nation s capital to address the great social issues of our time, and by demonstrating innovative thought and global leadership in academics and research. Impact is made bigger here. Need proof? See a few examples. We re creating clean alternative biofuels from grasses found in the Chesapeake Bay. Follow these links to learn more: Biofuels from the Chesapeake Bay Building a Super Battery Inventing a Cool Metal From Waste to Energy We develop the entrepreneurial spirit to launch Google, Under Armour and the next great business. Follow these links to learn more: Dingman Center for Entrepreneurship Maryland Technology Enterprise Institute (MTech) Hinman CEOs The Clark School of Engineering Innovation Hall of Fame Entrepreneurship at the Clark School of Engineering We demonstrate courage to study and disrupt terrorist networks. Follow this link to learn more: Study of Terrorism and Responses to Terrorism (START) The leadership to partner with the FDA to ensure the safety of our global food supply. Follow these links to learn more: Safer Food Imports at the source The Joint Institute for Food Safety and Applied Nutrition The compassion to install solar panels in maternity wards in rural Africa. Follow this link to learn more: Engineers Without Borders The commitment to reach out to preserve endangered species. Follow these links to learn more: UM Professor Investigates Disappearing Frogs Conservation Biology at UMD Preserving the Diamondback Terrapin The creativity to design and build inviting solar-powered homes. Follow these links to learn more: Award-winning LEAFHouse UMD s 2011 Solar Team Presents WaterShed The commitment to work with local fishermen to preserve the Chesapeake Bay. Follow these links to learn more: UMChesapeake Research Chesapeake Bay Forecast System Watermen Heritage Understanding Blue Crabs Maryland Sea Grant The compassion to partner with the department of defense to safeguard soldiers from combat-related brain injuries. Follow these links to learn more: Protecting Our Troops The talent to inspire a vibrant and diverse artistic community. Follow these links to learn more: Clarice Smith Performing Arts Center Over 500 Student Groups The David Driskell Center College of Arts Humanities Artists-in-Residence Jim nez-Porter Writers' House Creative Gallery Look above for our gallery of posters, print ads, billboards and TV spots. The list that grows every day as new impact is being made here at the University of Maryland. Print Ads Billboards Posters Digital Media Go Back Contact Us Your Name Email Address Phone (optional) Your relationship to UMD - Select One - Alumni Faculty Friend Parent Staff Student Comments/Requests: Comments or Requests -->