Carnegie Mellon University | CMU QUICKLINKS: Support CMU The Hub Colleges Schools -College of Engineering -College of Fine Arts -Dietrich College: Humanities Social Sci. -Tepper School of Business -Heinz College: IS Public Policy Mgmnt. -Mellon College of Science -School of Computer Science Administrative Departments University Stores Locations Academics Research Student Life Athletics About Us Prospective Students Current Students Faculty Staff Alumni Parents Family Corporate Visitors Directory Search News Calendar Libraries Careers Support CMU Creativity the Arts 'Ready For The Journey' When Rob Marshall (A'82) selects new film projects, he looks for things that are "fresh and new and scary." His latest, "Into the Woods," stars Meryl Streep and Johnny Depp and translates an iconic musical from stage to screen. To tackle that challenge he relied on his Carnegie Mellon University training. "Carnegie gave me everything, it was the foundation for my work today," Marshall said. Read more Johnny Depp as The Wolf Submit a Story | Story Archives Next Generation Computing Clued In What is Carnegie Mellon University? In the Dec. 18 episode of Jeopardy! CMU helped make a contestant $1,000 richer. The appearance as an answer in the U.S. News and World Report's Best of 2014 category is just the latest for the university's long ties to the game show. Read more Watch video Next Generation Computing Lunar Rover Wows XPRIZE Judges Andy, a four-wheeled lunar rover designed and built by Carnegie Mellon University, is the winner of a Milestone Prize from the Google Lunar XPRIZE for mobility subsystems. In fact, CMU's team is the first and only team to meet the Milestone mobility objectives, XPRIZE said. Read more Global Society Economy CMU Home Page Gets New Look Carnegie Mellon s home page, the university's global "front door," will unveil a new look in early January to better visually represent the university to the growing number of online visitors using mobile devices. The home page refresh is part of a longer-term redesign project. Read more News Events CMU in 30 Seconds Three CMU Faculty Members Named 2015 IEEE Fellows CMU Research Shows Online Teams Are Influenced by Same Factors as Groups That Communicate in Person Andrew W. Mellon Foundation Grants Carnegie Mellon $2 Million To Transform Graduate Education in Humanities Carnegie Mellon University 5000 Forbes Avenue, Pittsburgh, PA 15213 Carnegie Mellon Home Site Map Careers at Carnegie Mellon Contact Us