Carnegie Mellon Research Shows Online Teams Are Influenced by Same Factors as Groups That Communicate in Person-Carnegie Mellon News - Carnegie Mellon University Carnegie Mellon Research Shows Online Teams Are Influenced by Same Factors as Groups That Communicate in Person-Carnegie Mellon News - Carnegie Mellon University Search Only Carnegie Mellon News Submit Carnegie Mellon University Search Skip navigation and jump directly to page content News Stories All News 2014 December Carnegie Mellon Research Shows Online Teams Are Influenced by Same Factors as Groups That Communicate in Person Disruptive Health Technology Institute To Receive Funding To Further Enhance Medical Technologies Andrew W. Mellon Foundation Grants Carnegie Mellon $2 Million To Transform Graduate Education in Humanities Six Carnegie Mellon Faculty Members Elected Fellows of American Physical Society Hugs Help Protect Against Stress and Infection, Say Carnegie Mellon Researchers Carnegie Mellon's Venkat Viswanathan Develops Solution to Lithium Air Batteries' Premature Death Problem Carnegie Mellon's Adam Feinberg Develops Key Method for Manipulating Cells in Engineered Tissues for Medical Devices Jos M. F. Moura Named Fellow of National Academy of Inventors Carnegie Mellon Lunar Rover Wows XPRIZE Judges, Wins First Milestone Prize for Development Toward Flight Readiness Carnegie Mellon's Andreea Deciu Ritivoi Receives NEH Fellowship White House Official Announces Launch of Higher Education Alliance for Maker Education Carnegie Mellon University Press Publishes "The Collected Stories of Gladys Schmitt" Society for Judgment and Decision Making Presents Carnegie Mellon's Alex Imas With New Investigator Award Carnegie Mellon Students To Present Surveillance Policy Recommendations to Pittsburgh City Council Breathe Cam Lets Citizens Document Pittsburgh's Visual Air Pollution and Its Sources Carnegie Mellon Researchers Discover Brain Representations of Social Thoughts Accurately Predict Autism Diagnosis Carnegie Mellon, Pitt Collaborate To Enhance Library Services Carnegie Mellon Animation Software, "Alice," Supports Computing Curricula in Arab World Carnegie Mellon and Heinz Endowments To Demonstrate New Technology Enabling Citizens To Document Air Quality Using Social Media For Large Behavioral Studies Is Fast and Cheap, But Fraught With Biases and Distortion November October September August July June May April March February January 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 Older College of Engineering College of Fine Arts Dietrich College of Humanities Social Sciences H. John Heinz III College Mellon College of Science School of Computer Science Tepper School of Business Experts by Subject In the News Facts Figures Subscribe Calendar CMU Directory Faculty Staff News | Carnegie Mellon News | News Stories All News 2014 December Carnegie Mellon Research Shows Online Teams Are Influenced by Same Factors as Groups That Communicate in Person Monday, December 22, 2014 Carnegie Mellon Research Shows Online Teams Are Influenced by Same Factors as Groups That Communicate in Person Study Supports Tepper School Professor's Groundbreaking Work in "Collective Intelligence" By Mark Burd / 412-268-3486 Human interactions and office teamwork are increasingly taking place through online communication channels. And just as with face-to-face teams, organizations can greatly benefit from the ability to predict online group performance. Building on her groundbreaking research on "collective intelligence," a term she helped coin to describe a measure of the general effectiveness of a group on a wide range of tasks, Anita Woolley (right), assistant professor of organizational behavior and theory at Carnegie Mellon University's Tepper School of Business , has conducted a new study that demonstrates the same key factors that influence the collective intelligence in face-to-face teams also apply to online groups. The study was published by PLOS ONE . "Our previous research was able to identify factors that correlate with collective intelligence," Woolley said. "For instance, we found that having a lot of smart people in a group does not necessarily make the group smarter. However, we also found a significant correlation between the individuals' ability to reason about the mental states of others an ability called Theory of Mind and the collective intelligence of the group." One way Theory of Mind is measured is by a Reading of the Eyes test, in which participants read the mental states of others by looking at photos of their eyes. Woolley and her colleagues divided study participants into 68 distinct groups, some restricted to communicating only online and others allowed to communicate face-to-face. Individual participants were given a Theory of Mind test, and then the groups performed a series of tasks together to measure their collective intelligence. "Our findings reveal that the same key factors predict collective intelligence in both face-to-face and online teams," Woolley said. "Theory of Mind abilities are just as important to group effectiveness in online environments as they are in office environments. We hope that this insight will give organizational managers a new tool in predicting the success of online teams." The study also mirrored findings from previous research that demonstrated collective intelligence was significantly correlated to the number of women in the group; a higher number of women raised the group's collective intelligence. There also is a negative correlation associated with the number of speaking turns by group members. Groups in which conversation was dominated by a few individuals scored lower in terms of collective intelligence, as opposed to groups with more vibrant discussions whether these discussions took place in a room or online. The study, titled "Reading the mind in the eyes or reading between the lines? Theory of Mind predicts collective intelligence equally well online and face-to-face," is co-authored by Woolley and David Engel, postdoctoral associate at MIT; Lisa X. Jing, research assistant at MIT; Christopher F. Chabris, associate professor of psychology and co-director of the Neuroscience Program, Union College; and Thomas W. Malone, director of the MIT Center for Collective Intelligence. ### Anita Woolley (pictured above) coined the term "collective intelligence" to describe a measure of the general effectiveness of a group on a wide range of tasks. Carnegie Mellon News 5000 Forbes Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15213 (412) 268-2900 Carnegie Mellon Home