Careers @ Carnegie Mellon - Carnegie Mellon University Careers @ Carnegie Mellon - Carnegie Mellon University Search Only Careers @ Carnegie Mellon Submit Carnegie Mellon University Search Skip navigation and jump directly to page content Why Carnegie Mellon? Benefits at a Glance Diversity and Inclusion Work/Life Living in Pittsburgh Dual Careers Human Resources Need Assistance? Equal Opportunity Frequently Asked Questions | Careers @ Carnegie Mellon | Welcome to Careers@CarnegieMellon Our employees support a highly-selective, global, research institution with campuses in Pittsburgh, Qatar and Silicon Valley and degree-granting programs in five continents. We offer competitive benefits to our over 5,000 faculty and staff, place importance on fostering diversity and a spirt of inclusion, and emphasize the power of creativity and innovation across the university - from our academic and research programs in art and technology to our staff positions in finance and administration. Be part of an institution inspiring innovations that change the world. Search for CMU Staff Positions: External Candidates Search for CMU Staff Positions: Current Employees Search for Positions at Software Engineering Institute (SEI) Faculty positions are generally hired through each academic department. Visit our Schools Colleges for more information. Additional job opportunities: Temporary Positions The Carnegie Mellon University Temporary Employment Service (TES) provides temporary office support staff to the university. TES employees help departments to fill temporary vacancies, complete special projects or catch up on work assignments. Individuals with diverse educational backgrounds and levels of experience are welcome to apply. View the position description for TES and apply. Once you have applied to TES, you need not apply again. Your credentials will be kept on file and reviewed when temporary positions become available. Examples of Temporary Assignments The needs of our departments vary, and employees of varying skills are needed for different assignments. These are some of the positions that TES employees assume: Receptionist Data Entry Clerk Administrative/Executive Assistant Editorial Assistant Financial Assistant Alumni Relations Assistant Computing Services Technical Support Staff Web Developer Enrollment Coordinator Events Coordinator Bookstore Retail Assistant Program Assistant Hiring and Placement Process A member of the TES team will review your resume and contact you if there is an interest in your credentials. An interview may be arranged to further discuss your experience and availability. You will be tested on MS Word and MS Excel at the time of the interview and be asked to provide employment references. Once an opportunity is identified, the successful candidate will return to TES for an orientation. The candidate will report to the department to begin work and will be eligible to obtain an ID card. Frequently Asked Questions How long are assignments? Assignments vary in length from 1 2 days up to 2 3 months, and occasionally longer. How soon will I be placed? Your skills and the skills requested by the department determine how quickly we can place you on an assignment. In some cases you may be offered an assignment soon after completing the interview process. Are TES employees likely to be hired permanently into their temporary position at the university? It is possible for the employee to be considered for the position on a regular staff basis, if a vacancy exists. However, TES does not guarantee that an offer of permanent employment will be made. Can I search for a full-time, permanent job at Carnegie Mellon while I am in a temporary position? Employees of TES are encouraged to continue their job search while working with TES. Working in TES will not prevent the candidate from being considered for other positions at the university. The experience gained on the assignments will help build the resume, create networking opportunities and familiarize the TES employee with university policies and systems while allowing them to showcase skills and abilities. Are TES employees eligible for benefits? TES employees are eligible for university benefits (except time off with pay) based on their hours of work and length of employment, in the same manner as other full- and part-time employees of the university. All employees are required to work the minimum number of hours to maintain their particular benefits eligibility status . Changes to work hours or gaps in employment may result in an interruption of benefits or a change to the benefit eligibility status. TES employees, regardless of whether they are full-time or part-time, will not be eligible for time off with pay, which includes paid time off (PTO), paid holidays or floating holidays, paid bereavement leave and paid jury duty leave. Custodial Positions Custodial positions are hired through Integrated Service Solutions; contact 412-268-2036. Dining Positions Dining positions are hired through Culinart; contact 412-268-8410. Other University Positions There are no other University positions listed at this time. Tweets by @CarnegieMellon Need technical or accessibility assistance? Careers @ Carnegie Mellon Carnegie Mellon University is an EEO/Affirmative Action Employer M/F/Disability/Veteran Human Resources Carnegie Mellon Home