Engineering at Illinois Tech visionaries. Venture funding. Successful start-ups. The culture in Engineering at Illinois supports entrepreneurs by providing the resources and community to make their ideas reality. Getting into your head: Gelatin nanoparticles could deliver drugs to the brain Rogers named one of eight scientists changing the world Study finds Illinois #1 hub in food distribution network New method helps map species' genetic heritage Skip to Main Content Navigation Home Admissions Crossing engineering disciplines Professors like Rohit Bhargava know that tomorrow’s engineers will have to work across multiple fields to really be effective. Students from eight different disciplines work with him to fight cancer using nanotechnology. And two multimillion-dollar student training programs make sure that attitude is integrated into their education as well. See us in action by visiting campus / Engineering at Illinois Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Cost and Financial Aid Visit the Campus APPLY NOW Undergraduate Student Application Graduate Student Application Academics One of the Nation's Top Engineering Programs. In U.S News World Report's 2013 rankings, Engineering at Illinois ranked 5th for engineering schools whose highest degree offered is a doctorate. Read more about our rankings. / Engineering at Illinois Undergraduate Graduate Engineering Online Rankings Undergraduate Advising Academic Resources Support Career Services International Programs Professional Development Centers --> Academic Resources Graduate College Handbook Grainger Engineering Library Research Ready to collaborate The $100-million dollar Grainger Engineering Breakthroughs Initiative is perfectly suited Engineering at Illinois, where the smartest people meet a uniquely Midwestern culture of collaboration and approachability. We’re focusing the Grainger Initiative on two fields that require experts from many fields to collaborate Bioengineering and Big Data. We’re looking for new faculty to join the initiative. / Engineering at Illinois Interdisciplinary Research Themes Strategic Research Initiatives Illinois Applied Research Institute Undergraduate Opportunities Corporate Engagement Departmental Research University Resources The breadth and depth of knowledge in Engineering at Illinois makes it easy to find the expert in any given field. And experts who are ready to work across fields. Search for an individual or topic and let's change the world together. Faculty Expert Search Departmental Research Aerospace Engineering Agricultural and Biological Engineering Bioengineering Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering Civil and Environmental Engineering Computer Science Electrical and Computer Engineering Industrial Friends Alumni Information Update Corporate Engagement Student Recruitment Make a Gift Now News A Bug's-Eye View Professor John Rogers' interdisciplinary team of researchers has created the first digital cameras with designs that mimic those of ocular systems found in bees and other insects. / Engineering at Illinois Engineering Update Newsletter Faculty Expert Search Social Media Current News In the News Calendar Media Contact Information Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Field Notes Blog Directory / Engineering at Illinois Departments Aerospace Engineering Agricultural Biological Engineering Bioengineering Chemical Biomolecular Engineering Civil Environmental Engineering Computer Science Electrical Computer Engineering Industrial Enterprise Systems Engineering Materials Science Engineering Mechanical Science Engineering Nuclear, Plasma Radiological Engineering Physics Research Centers Beckman Institute Computational Science and Engineering Coordinated Science Laboratory Illinois Applied Research Institute Illinois Center for Transportation Information Trust Institute Institute for Genomic Biology Materials Research Laboratory Micro Nanotechnology Laboratory National Center for Supercomputing Applications College Contacts General Inquiries 217-333-2151 Undergraduate Programs 217-333-2280 Graduate and Professional Programs 217-265-4560 Corporate and Research Partners 217-333-1590 Advancement and Alumni 217-244-2364 Find Faculty Staff Find Administration Search the Site Search University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign at Illinois Facebook Twitter YouTube --> Instagram Calendar Make a Gift Now University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign 306 Engineering Hall MC 266 1308 West Green Street Urbana, IL 61801 217-333-2151 - engineering@illinois.edu University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign Website designed and maintained by Engineering IT Shared Services at Illinois The College of Engineering at Illinois is among the world's most prestigious and largest engineering institutions, with undergraduate and graduate programs ranked in the Top Five nationally and internationally. Renowned faculty and exceptional students are drawn to Engineering at Illinois because of our global reputation for leadership in research and education. The Illinois environment offers a distinctive combination of academic rigor within a uniquely Midwestern culture of collaboration and approachability. More about Engineering at Illinois... View Full Site Search Home Admissions Academics Research Student Life Engage News Directory Close panel