Rankings | Illinois Main Navigation About Us Academics Arts Culture Athletics International Library Public Engagement Research Tertiary navigation Facts Rankings U.S.News America's Best Colleges U.S.News Best Graduate Schools Nobel Laureates Pulitzer Prize Winners Research Centers, Institutes and Programs Campus Landmarks World-class University Social Media Desktop Wallpaper Cell phone Wallpaper Ringtones Dress Alma Mater Quad Cam --> Rankings University and College Rankings At Illinois we measure success by the impact our students, faculty and alumni have in the world. Our focus is on providing transformational learning experiences – in the classroom and out of it. And when you do this for nearly 150 years, people take notice. U.S. News World Report In its 2015 rankings, U.S.News World Report's America's Best Colleges rated Illinois as the number 11 public university and the number 41 national university. According to the 2014 - 2015 U.S.News World Report's graduate and undergraduate rankings: (If noted otherwise, it is the most recent information available.) The Graduate School of Library and Information Science's program is 1st in the nation. The College of Engineering is ranked 6th in both undergraduate and graduate programs nationally. The Department of Accounting ranks 2nd nationally in undergraduate programs. The College of Education is ranked 26th in graduate programs nationally. The Department of Civil Engineering is 1st in graduation programs nationally. The campus is 1st in undergraduate engineering science and engineering physics. The campus ranks 1st in the study of condensed matter physics. 2015 U.S. News America's Best Colleges - Full Undergraduate Rankings for Colleges and Departments (html) 2015 Full U.S. News Best Graduate Schools - Graduate Rankings for Colleges and Departments (html) U.S. News Historical Rankings Undergraduate (Excel file) Graduate (Excel file) More Rankings Open Doors - International Excellence Open Doors ranks Illinois second (first among public universities) in the number of international students and 13th in the nations top 20 Doctoral/Research Institution for total number of study abroad students. Peace Corps Volunteers Illinois ranked 20th in the nation among major universities in the number of undergraduate alumni who joined the Peace Corps in 2011. More High Rankings From National and International Institutions In 2014, The Times Higher Education World University Rankings list Illinois as 29th in the world, 7th among American public universities. In 2014, the Institute for Higher Education at Shanghai Jiao Tong University (Academic Ranking of World Universities) ranked Illinois as the 28th best university in the world and 9th among American public universities. This content managed and updated by Public Affairs . Related Links Administration Campus Overview Community Diversity Explore Illinois Online Campus Tours Social Media Campus Highlights More News Events News Calendars Campus RSS Feeds Featured Resources Addtional links About this Site Contact Us Emergency Info Employment Privacy University Administration UI Chicago UI Springfield U of I Online Accesskey 1: Content, Accesskey 2: Search, Accesskey 3: Main navigation -->