Future Students | Illinois Main Navigation About Us Academics Arts Culture Athletics International Library Public Engagement Research Tertiary navigation Contact Undergraduate Admissions Contact Domestic Graduate Admissions Contact International Graduate Admissions Contact Financial Aid --> Future Students Illinois is a national and global leader in education and research, attracting the best students from across the U.S. and around the world. You will select from 150 undergraduate majors and more than 4,000 courses. You'll learn with a world-class faculty who have won the world's top honors for their research and discoveries. We take pride in ensuring students make the most of their time here, both in and out of the classroom. Getting Started Admissions Prospective students will find most essential information at the Undergraduate Admissions Website. Who We Are, What We Do, Why We're Different Explore Illinois An introduction to the campus; images, facts, and anecdotes from alumni, faculty, staff, and students about what makes Illinois unique. About Illinois Information about our highly respected faculty, academic resources, research, our commitment to undergraduate education, public engagement, and the arts. Campus facts USNews Word Report rankings and other selected rankings, Pulitzer prize-winners, Nobel laureates, prominent alumni, research centers and institutes, campus landmarks and more. Diversity at Illinois A Web site that provides links to campus diversity resources and information for students, faculty, staff, alumni, and the Champaign County community. Inclusive Illinois The University's diversity initiative, Inclusive Illinois sponsors programs that strive to promote and foster an inclusive campus community. Online campus tours A starting point for several online tours of the campus. Local community A place where world-class faculty, staff, and students are your neighbors and leisure is laced with learning; where the best of small city and town life meets up with the outstanding cultural and entertainment opportunities usually associated with major metropolitan areas. Arts and culture Performance centers and theatres present the world's finest operas, ballets, and plays, and auditoriums host popular performers of music and shows. Great museums as well as lectures, presentations, and art by the world's top scholars. Information for visitors Visitor's Center info, maps, directions, and transportation options, lodging, and popular destinations. Other Selected Resources for Future Students Academic information Links to colleges, faculty, courses, academic requirements, learning facilities, and programs. Honors programs Special opportunities for undergraduate students with high ambitions and academic achievements. Scholarships The types of aid for freshmen. Housing at Illinois Information about residence halls, private, certified housing, and Greek Housing as well as dining. First-Year Discovery Program Freshmen-only, restricted-size classes designed to give students greater access to faculty and a better chance to develop relationships with other new students. Illini Union A center of student activity home to registered student organizations, performance spaces, meeting places, food court, bowling alley, etc. Registered Student Organizations Choose from more than 1,000 student organizations representing a wide variety of interests. Fraternities and Sororities Nation's largest Greek-letter community: 60 fraternities and 36 sororities. Disability Resources and Educational Services (DRES) Illinois is rated as the top disability friendly U.S. campus. DRES helps individuals with disabilities participate in and benefit from the curricular, co-curricular and vocational opportunities on campus. Student Code Rights and responsibilities, general policies and rules, academic policies and regulations. Related Links Future Students Current Students Alumni Parents Faculty Staff Visitors Social Media Campus Highlights More News Events News Calendars Campus RSS Feeds Featured Resources Addtional links About this Site Contact Us Emergency Info Employment Privacy University Administration UI Chicago UI Springfield U of I Online Accesskey 1: Content, Accesskey 2: Search, Accesskey 3: Main navigation -->