School of Social Work, University of Illinois - Loading Prospective Students Current Students Faculty Staff Community Learning Lab School of Social Work, University of Illinois University of Illinois main site Menu About SSW Greetings from the Dean History The Student Experience What is Social Work? Faculty Staff Directory Join Our Team Academics Bachelor of Social Work Master of Social Work Type 73 School Social Work Endorsement Doctoral Program (PhD) Tuition Fees Financial Assistance Academic Calendar Field Education BSW Field Education MSW Field Education Field Placement Opportunities Become a Field Education Site Field Instructor Resources Research Research Center Current Research Research Tools News Events News Events Calendar The Column / e-Column Newsletter Alumni Giving Stay Connected Engagement Resources Give Back Careers Post a Job Job Board Career Resources Transforming Simply put, we transform lives. Of students. Of children. Of communities. It starts in the classroom. It continues in the field. And it reaches into the most vulnerable parts of our society. Educating Guided by our award-winning and student-focused faculty, you receive a perfect balance of classroom experience and fieldwork. The result? You are prepared to be a poised and inspired professional ready to make a difference in the world. Innovating Our innovative research results in evidence-based practices that inform the field.  You have the opportunity to work directly with our esteemed faculty on research and service learning projects that impact and improve lives. Advocating We advocate for those who have no voice. We work to bring justice and equity where it is needed. We are tireless in our pursuit for social change. Strengthening Everything we do, from our curriculum to our intensive internships to our student programs, stems from our passion to strengthen vulnerable families. Agnes Stankiewicz, BSW Student, Class of 2015 "As an incoming freshman I was a Psychology major, however I might as well have declared "undecided." I knew that I wanted to be a part of a helping profession with many different opportunities. I visited with many academic advisers ranging from pre-med to pre-law to education" See full story Carol Schrepfer, CSW LCSW, Field Instructor "CRCC has been accepting MSW interns from the School of Social Work for nearly 20 years. During that time all the interns we have worked with have been involved in a block placement model and this has worked wonderfully for our agency. " See full story Samantha Hack, MSW '06, PhD '13 "As a student at the School of Social Work I had invaluable faculty mentorship combined with experiential learning opportunities. I worked on research funded by the National Institute for Mental Health, " See full story Teresa Allen, MSW Student, Class of 2014 "I decided to pursue my MSW degree at the University of Illinois School of Social Work before I was even accepted as an undergraduate student at the University. " See full story Jane Chung, MSW Student "I chose social work as my career path simply because it teaches me how to selflessly serve. The training I receive in my classes and through my professors challenge me to look beyond my comfort zones and to be prepared in the most efficient and effective way for when I enter the international social work" See full story Darnell Fisher, MSW '13 "I am a 2013 MSW graduate from the School of Social Work at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. I am originally from Los Angeles, California and received my BA in Social Work from California State University, Fresno in 2011. To say that I was born and raised in California is an understatement of my" See full story Carlos A. Evans Jr., MSW '12 "When I was not in an engaging classroom or working in a small group with my classmates on a thought provoking assignment." See full story Lance Keene, MSW '12 "The MSW program laid a firm foundation for me in social work practice at the micro and macro level. I feel equally prepared working one-on-one with individuals and in the grant writing process" See full story Kaitlin Costello, MSW Student, Class of 2015 "I chose social work as a career path because it fit right in with my own values and beliefs about activism and the importance of social justice. I am interested in helping individuals, as well as communities, " See full story Jacob Goffnett, MSW Student, Class of 2014 "I interviewed and toured at other Schools of Social Work and they felt rigid. Here, I truly believe that each faculty and staff have my best interest in mind. " See full story We educate, innovate, transform, and advocate. All to strengthen vulnerable families. We cultivate a diverse and award-winning faculty. We feature a unique internship program that prepares our students for professional success. And you can find our alumni enacting social change throughout the world. If you are committed to transforming lives, including your own, join us at Illinois. Apply now BSW Program MSW Program PHD Program Recent News all news December 16, 2014 It sOnUs University of Illinois School of Social Work ... Read More December 18, 2014 Low-crime, walkable neighborhoods promote mental health in older Latinos December 18, 2014 Women with serious mental illness less likely to receive cancer screenings December 18, 2014 Discrimination, family conflict key sources of stress for Latina immigrants December 1, 2014 Long Work Hours For Moms Mean Less Sleep, Higher BMI s For Preschoolers Upcoming Events all events Jan 15 2015 Application Deadline for MSW/PHD Programs 8:30 am Feb 12 Social Work in the Spotlight: Macro Level Practice Panel 12:00 pm Mar 11 Career Fairs: Making a Positive Impression Workshop 12:00 pm Apr 29 Social Work in the Spotlight: How to Reduce or Cancel Federal Student Loan Payments 12:00 pm May 6 Instruction Ends 8:30 am Educating Innovating Transforming Advocating Strengthening Vulnerable Families 1010 W. Nevada Street | Urbana, IL 61801 socialwork@illinois.edu 217-333-2261 217-244-5220 Like us Follow us Connect with us Watch us Follow us Contact Us Faculty Staff Directory Job Board Visit Academics 2014 University of Illinois School of Social Work Register Username Email Login Username Password Remember Me Forgotten Password? Username or Email Register | Lost your password? | Already Registered? Login