University of Illinois College of Veterinary Medicine - A leader in veterinary and comparative biomedical education, scholarship, and public engagement. University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign Skip to content News Calendar Directory Contact Intranet Library Search Click to reveal homepage content Skip to content Home Search Menu Navigation Research Departments Comparative Biosciences Pathobiology Veterinary Clinical Medicine Centers and Labs Resources Education Doctor of Veterinary Medicine Degree Admissions Illinois Veterinary Curriculum Admitted Student Information Transfer Student Information Tuition and Fees Graduate Programs Residency and Internship Programs Animal Care Veterinary Teaching Hospital Chicago Veterinary Services Pet Health Columns Wildlife Medical Clinic Vet Resources Referral Services Veterinary Diagnostic Laboratory Continuing Education Initiatives College Strategic Plan Center for One Health Illinois Chicago Center for Veterinary Medicine Alumni Giving About Contact and Location Dean s Office College Organization Work at the College Open House History of the College Helpful Links News Calendar Directory Contact Intranet Library Search Recent News Flu at the Zoo and Other Disasters: Experts Help Animal Exhibitors Prepare for the Worst Oct 23, 2014 / General News Here are three disaster scenarios for zoo or aquarium managers: One, a wildfire lunges towards your facility, threatening your staff and hundreds of zoo animals. Two, hurricane floodwaters pour into your basement, where more than ... Department Head Educates Thousands Through TED Ed Video Oct 12, 2014 / Comparative Biosciences News Dr. Duncan Ferguson, head of comparative biosciences, and Dr. Margarethe Hoenig, veterinary clinical medicine, recently worked with a TED Ed team to create an educational video entitled What did dogs teach humans about ... Team Studies Immune Response of Asian Elephants Infected with a Human Disease Jul 16, 2014 / Research News Findings suggest a faster and more reliable way to diagnose TB in captive elephants Mycobacterium tuberculosis, the organism that causes tuberculosis in humans, also afflicts Asian (and occasionally other) elephants. Diagnosing and ... Avoid Holiday Hazards for Pets Dec 23, 2014 / Emergency/Critical Care / Cats / Dogs The holidays are a potentially dangerous time of the year for pets. Dr. Tina Wismer, an adjunct instructor at the University of Illinois College of Veterinary Medicine in Urbana, is also a veterinarian at the ASPCA Animal Poison ... Submit A Story View all news Our Groundbreaking Program Year: 1 2 3 4 1 st Year Highlights Hands-on experience starting in the first semester Exposure to diverse career opportunities Clinical skills center staffed with experienced coaches Learn More I appreciate the wide variety of electives available to me as an Illinois veterinary student, from international veterinary medicine to exotics to business management. 2 nd Year Highlights Seven weeks of clinical rotations combined with hands-on skills development Comprehensive written and practical milestone examinations Elective course sequences offered for seven species or areas of interests Learn More There are vast opportunities to get involved – including the Wildlife Medical Clinic and numerous student clubs. I noticed the friendly, helpful, ‘work-together’ atmosphere at Illinois right away! 3 rd Year Highlights Surgical instruction, with option for more surgeries in shelter medicine rotation Second milestone examinations to ensure readiness for clinics Clinical rotation year begins in March Learn More The junior surgery lab not only allowed me to practice one of my special interests but also gave me the opportunity to make a difference in the lives of homeless pets. 4 th Year Highlights Participation in all areas of patient care at college’s Urbana and Chicago clinics For-credit experiences in a variety of internship settings Student-designed capstone experience for the six weeks before graduation Learn More I am excited to begin fourth-year clinics, where I can apply what I have learned in the past three years to real-life patients. Upcoming Events Jan 10 Veterinary Forensic Medicine Workshop 9:00 am Jan 19 NAVC Alumni Reception 7:00 pm Jan 31 Universal Ultrasound Basic Abdominal Course 8:30 am Feb 7 Horseman s Clinic 7:00 am Feb 16 Western Veterinary Conference Alumni Reception 7:30 pm Feb 19 Executive Veterinary Program in Swine Health Management: Module 3 8:00 am Make a gift to the college of veterinary medicine Center for One Health Illinois Chicago Center Dr. Shipley offers some fun Reindeer facts http://t.co/ExrXRIwWku #Illinois Quick Links DVM Admissions Comparative Biosciences Pathobiology Veterinary Clinical Medicine Veterinary Teaching Hospital Veterinary Diagnostic Laboratory Veterinary Services in Chicago Wildlife Medical Clinic 3505 Veterinary Medicine Basic Sciences Building 2001 S Lincoln Ave. | Urbana, IL 61802 Contact Us 217-333-2760 217-333-4628 Get our newsletters Twitter Facebook Flickr YouTube Your gifts support scholarships and animals in need 2014 University of Illinois College of Veterinary Medicine