UMass Amherst Libraries UMass Amherst Site Search UMA WorldCat Five College Catalog Google Scholar Libraries Worldwide Boston Library Consortium 5 Colleges Libraries UMass Amherst Libraries Keywords anywhere Title begins with Title keywords Journal title begins with Journal title keywords --- --- --- Author (last name first) Author keywords --- --- --- Subject begins with Subject keywords --- --- --- Call number begins with ISBN, ISSN, etc. --- --- --- Chinese author Japanese author Korean author Chinese title Japanese title Korean title Services Connect off-campus Interlibrary Loan Reserves My Account Borrowing Learning Commons Teaching Commons Digital Media Lab How Do I...? About the Libraries Employment Opportunities Floor Directories Staff Directory Visiting the Libraries Donate to the Libraries Research Instruction Research Help RefWorks Subject Librarians Collections Digital Collections East Asian Collection Image Collection Library Science Engineering Library Map Collection ScholarWorks Special Collections University Archives Getting Started with UMA WorldCat What is/isn't included in UMA WorldCat UMA WorldCat Features Search Help Guide --> Five College Catalog is unavailable Sundays 12-2 AM. UMA WorldCat is available but 5 College item location/availability will not display. Advanced Search Using UMA WorldCat Examples: Shakespeare Midsummer Quantum and physics "of mice and men" Search UMass Catalog Only Search Course Reserves Advanced Search On campus? Link to online journal articles through the UMass Libraries. Off campus? Login with your NetID and password Search Tips From UMass Librarians Advanced Search databases | e-journals | citation linker | subject research guides News alert text here --> Libraries Launch Retrospective Digitization Project The Libraries have embarked on an ambitious program to digitize all theses and dissertations of the University. These research works have been available in electronic format since 1997 for dissertations and 2007 for theses, but public online access has not been available. Other dissertations and theses spanning more than a hundred years have long been available only in print. Press Release All News, Exhibits Events Libraries Launch Retrospective Digitization Project The Libraries have embarked on an ambitious program to digitize all theses and dissertations of the University. These research works have been available in electronic format since 1997 for dissertations and 2007 for theses, but public online access has not been available. Other dissertations and theses spanning more than a hundred years have long been available only in print. Press Release All News, Exhibits Events Undergraduate Research in Sustainability Award The Libraries are pleased to announce the new Undergraduate Research in Sustainability Award. All undergraduate UMass Amherst students are eligible. For more information and to apply by Feb. 20, 2015, visit: http://guides.library.umass.edu/sustainability . Press Release All News, Exhibits Events Libraries Announce New Fund for Open Access Publishing The Libraries announce a new fund to support open access publication of University of Massachusetts Amherst peer-reviewed scholarship. A pilot program will make $25,000 in total available to UMass Amherst authors of articles and monographs. More information and application . Press Release All News, Exhibits Events Libraries acquire NYT site license The UMass Amherst Libraries announce its newest online subscription resource, the New York Times Academic Pass. The entire New York Times website is now available free of charge to all UMass Amherst students, faculty and staff. Academic Pass provides unlimited access to the New York Times from 1851 to present, plus all multimedia, and to the New York Times smartphone app. Anyone with a current UMass Amherst email address can register. Press Release All News, Exhibits Events Sunday December 28th W.E.B. Du Bois Library / Learning Commons Science Engineering Library complete hours Did You Know We provide access to fourteen streaming audio and video databases that contain thousands of documentaries, staged productions, film and video segments, classical music, jazz, blues, and much more. Did You Know We provide access to fourteen streaming audio and video databases that contain thousands of documentaries, staged productions, film and video segments, classical music, jazz, blues, and much more. Did You Know The Library provides free access to Atomic Learning , a service that supplies online instructional videos on a large variety of popular software programs. This service is available to the campus community and anyone using the Library. Did You Know The Libraries offer research data management services. Did You Know You can export to RefWorks from GoogleScholar. Click on Scholar Preferences and set RefWorks as your Bibliography Manager. Did You Know You can get help with your research from expert librarians. Come to the Reference Desk in the Learning Commons or the Science and Engineering Library in the Lederle Lowrise. You can also call, email, IM, or text. Did You Know The Libraries purchase licensed access to streaming online videos to enhance your educational experience. You can view educational videos, historical newsreels, and musical and theatrical performances any time of day, from wherever you have access to the Internet Did You Know You can Recommend a Purchase . Suggest a new book, journal, or DVD/video for the library's collection. Did You Know The Libraries offer a wide variety of scholarly publishing services through the ScholarWorks digital repository. Did You Know There is a designated library liaison for every department and program on campus. Liaisons provide specialized research assistance for faculty and students via phone, e-mail or individual consultation. They also offer instruction on library resources and research methods and select library materials for purchase. Did You Know The first hour of parking in the Campus Garage is FREE when your ticket is validated at the Learning Commons Desk . Did You Know The Learning Commons has a Poster Printing service. You can make an appointment to print posters up to 42” wide. Did You Know We are open 24/5 during the semester. Between Sundays from 11:00am and Fridays at 9:00pm we never lock our doors! Did You Know The Image Collection Library (ICL) provides access and support for digital image resources for the UMass Amherst campus community. Did You Know Students can check out Windows 7 laptops from Reserves Department on the Main Floor of the W.E.B. Du Bois Library for use in the library. Did You Know You can see listings of new e-books, e-journals and databases and related announcements on the Electronic Resources Blog . Did You Know RefWorks manages your citations and creates bibliographies. Learn how to save precious time and energy at a RefWorks workshop . Open to all. Did You Know ScholarWorks enhances faculty research by providing access and dissemination services for research results, reports, scholarly articles and more. Did You Know ISEL (Integrated Sciences and Engineering Library) is now called the Science and Engineering Library . Did You Know The Learning Commons has 26 glass rooms specifically for group study. Groups of 3 or more take precedence over singletons. 2014 University of Massachusetts Amherst . Site Policies . This site is maintained by UMass Amherst Libraries . Last updated on 12/10/2013 University of Massachusetts Amherst Amherst, MA 01003-9275 (413) 545-0150 | Comments?