Home Page | UMass Rising Skip to main content Main menu The Campaign Priorities Ways To Give Stories Voices Contact Us Give Now The Campaign for the University of Massachusetts Amherst 1 2 3 4 Campaign Video   Our Progress $300.0M $279.0M $21M Give Now Online UMass Rising. The Campaign for the University of Massachusetts Amherst   UMass Amherst is on the rise. New England's premier public research university will reach new heights as a leader in the Commonwealth's and the nation's innovation economy. By pushing the boundaries of research and education, the university will excel as a creator of new knowledge and talent and as a force for improving society. The UMass Rising campaign will enable this flagship campus to make a quantum leap in quality, impact and reputation. Read More Giving in the News Featured Stories Voices View All College of Social and Behavioral Sciences, Dean and Donor "Gifts made by our own faculty and staff demonstrate that we believe in the importance of our work by supporting the university in concrete ways." Robert S. Feldman College of Social and Behavioral Sciences, Dean and Donor Student Philanthropist "I came to UMass because it was a school with so many amazing opportunities. Throughout my four years I learned that many of these opportunities would not have been possible without alumni support. I give back to UMass so I can provide future students with the same unforgettable experience I had. " Lauren Byrne '13, SPHHS Student Philanthropist "As we were able to give more, we have." Pam and Bob Jacobs have always given back to UMass Amherst--from engaging with alumni at events to serving on the UMass Amherst Foundation Board to helping to endow a Center for Jewish Studies, a passion of theirs.  Robert D. Jacobs and Pamela M. Jacobs '68 and 69 "We both got a great education at UMass, and we’ve done well because of it, so we wanted to give back. We always give an annual gift but we wanted to do more. We figured, rather than waiting for maybe 30 years or more, we’d do something now…and provide a little interest income in our later years too." Kelvin Cross and Caren Arnstein '75, 77MS and 77 Chairman, President and CEO of Waters Corp. and UMass Rising Campaign Co-Chair "Over the past 20 years I have become intimately involved with a number of aspects of the university, including the school of management and the environmental sciences. I have seen firsthand how great research, a committed faculty and private partnerships give students a richer learning environment. Diana and I look forward to seeing the impact this new center will have across the university." Douglas 71 and Diana Berthiaume '71 Chairman, President and CEO of Waters Corp. and UMass Rising Campaign Co-Chair for more information Development Office UMass Amherst Memorial Hall 134 Hicks Way Amherst MA 01003-9270 Tel: 866-450-UMASS giving@umass.edu Recent News related sites My Gift Account UMass Amherst Foundation UMass Alumni Association   © 2013 University of Massachusetts Amherst • Site Policies • Site Contact