Graduate Division UC San Diego Graduate Division Search Menu Admissions Apply Now! Choose UC San Diego Funding Requirements Procedures Tuition Fees FAQs Contact Admissions Degrees Programs Academic Programs Application Deadlines Visiting Exchange Students Summer Research Diversity Initiatives Graduate Student Resources Center for Teaching Development Financial Support Tuition Fees Fellowships Traineeships Employment Support for Student Parents FAQs Progress to Degree Academic Deadlines Student Portal Pre-Candidacy Master’s Doctoral Committee Advancing to Candidacy Degree Completion Dissertation Thesis Appointments Dissertation Thesis Submission Commencement GradLife Events Events Calendar Commencement Grad SLAM New Student Orientation Resources Prospective Students Current Students Staff Faculty About Us Mission Dean Barrett Location Staff Directory Search This Site All UCSD Sites Faculty/Staff Search Term HOME Graduate education that transforms, enriches, and inspires. The Graduate Division is the central resource for all matters related to graduate education at UC San Diego. Our team is there at every step in a graduate student s career, helping students navigate their path from admission to graduation and beyond. Working behind-the-scenes and in collaboration with faculty, staff and students, the Graduate Division guides today s scholars on their upward trajectory to becoming tomorrow s leaders. Message from the Dean Contact Us Resources for: Around the Pier: San Diego Fellowship Awards Record Number of Scripps Students Four incoming Scripps graduate students supported through the San Diego Fellowship, a program designed to increase campus diversity. UC San Diego Excels in Nature ‘Total Research Output’ Ranking The University of California, San Diego has been ranked 6th in the nation – and 2nd among all U.S. public institutions – for total research output. Graduate Student and Veteran Aimee Chabot Honored at NSF Headquarters Aimee Chabot was one of 11 veterans and National Science Foundation graduate research fellows honored at NSF headquarters in Arlington, Va. last week. The UC San Diego graduate student was recognized for her military service and contributions to science at the Nov. 5 ceremony. More news and events Copyright © Regents of the University of California. All rights reserved. Terms Conditions Feedback