Finances: Bill-Paying and Other Money Matters UC San Diego Parents Families Search Menu About Us Parent Family Helpline Ayuda en Español Meet the Staff Triton Parent Leaders Welcome from Karina M. Viaud Letter from VC Juan C. González Mission Statement Programs Events Family Weekend Family of the Year Essay International Parent Family Orientation Siblings Weekend Summer Send-offs Publications E-Newsletters TritonTalk UC San Diego Parent Guide Triton Transitions Calendar 2014 Newsletters 2013 Newsletters 2012 Newsletters 2011 Newsletters 2010 Newsletters 2009 Newsletters Get Involved Triton Parent Family Ambassador Program Academic Resources Rights Privacy Campus Local Resources Campus Safety Finances / Money Matters Local Resources In Case of Emergency Search This Site All UCSD Sites Faculty/Staff Search Term HOME Campus Local Resources Finances / Money Matters Money Matters Financial matters are handled by several different offices on campus. Use the links in each section below to find more information, or to contact the office that can assist you. If you still need help or advice, contact the Parents Helpline, (858) 534-7273, or e-mail parents@ucsd.edu . Note: Click the arrow to open one topic. To open all topics, click on "Expand All." First, obtain authorization from your student Student Business Services (SBS) staff will discuss financial and related issues only with the student concerned, unless the student has enrolled an authorized parent/payer . In this case, SBS staff may discuss financial aid and related issues with authorized parents/payers. UCSD may not give out certain types of information about your student without the student's prior consent. Read more about why your student's information is kept private: Policy on disclosing your student's financial information to others Rights and privacy issues for parents and students Receiving your student's bill To see or pay your student's bill, you must be authorized by your student. Why? The university regards your student as an adult, with certain privacy rights, regardless of the student's age. Read more about this in the section above. If you and your student agree that you should view and pay student bills: Have your student visit the Billing and Payment page in TritonLink , and log into the Authorize A Payer tool. Students can authorize up to 3 payers to view and pay their university bills online. You'll receive an e-mail notice from ebill@ucsd.edu , with the subject line " UCSD E-Bill Authorization Action Needed ." This e-mail will ask you to set up a username and password. The e-mail is only valid for 14 days. After you set up your username and password, you will need to clear your browser's cookies before you can successfully log in using your new username and password with the Authorized Bill Payer tool . Watch the Online Tutorial for Authorized Payers . View and pay your student's bill Before using the online payment tool, make sure you've read the information and followed the steps above to receive your student's permission to view and pay bills. To view and pay the bill: View and pay the bill using the Authorized Bill Payer tool Learn more about your bill-paying options: Watch the Online Tutorial for Authorized Payers Read about the the different ways to pay your student's bill, and note that UCSD does not allow payments via credit card Learn about E-check (how the online Authorized Bill Payer tool uses funds from your personal checking account) Note: The last two links above go to TritonLink, the website for current students. Information on these pages is directed to current students and does not necessarily assist parents, guardians, or authorized payers. Items on the billing statement Items on your student's statement include a brief description of charges, and the corresponding amount appears in either the payments/credits or charges column. See a sample billing statement that includes an explanation for each item (PDF). The main portion of the bill includes systemwide tuition and several types of registration fees . See an explanation of registration fees . Late fees may be assessed for late payments, or for failing to meet registration deadlines. Find answers to any questions or disputes regarding charges on a student's account. Note: The links above go to TritonLink, the website for current students. Information on these pages is directed to current students and does not necessarily assist parents, guardians, or authorized payers. Late fees / disputing a bill Learn about student debt policies and procedures . Late fees will be assessed for late payments, or for failing to meet registration deadlines. All of a student's classes may be dropped if full payment is not received by the first week of the quarter. See the Enrollment and Registration Calendar for each quarter's deadline dates. If a student withdraws from UCSD, he or she may be eligible for a partial or full refund of prepaid fees . Find answers to any questions or disputes regarding charges on a student's account. Note: The links above go to TritonLink, the website for current students. Information on these pages is directed to current students and does not necessarily assist parents, guardians, or authorized payers. Payment plans (ways to pay your bill) You or your student can pay registration fees in monthly installments through the Triton Registration Installment Plan (TRIP). Before enrolling, make sure you've read the information and followed the steps above to receive your student's permission to view and pay bills. To use or discontinue TRIP: Enroll in TRIP Cancel TRIP Learn more about payment plans: Learn all about TRIP UCSD does not allow fee payments via credit card Housing payment plans are available Note: The TRIP link above goes to TritonLink, the website for current students. Information on these pages is directed to current students and does not necessarily assist parents, guardians, or authorized payers. Student health insurance costs (SHIP RAFT) Note: Be sure to check Student Health Services' website for important dates and other information about student health fee waivers. If you want to waive SHIP you must normally do so before the quarter begins. The UC Student Health Insurance Plan (SHIP) is a comprehensive health plan that provides a full range of medical services for your student. Health insurance is a mandatory condition for enrollment at all University of California campuses, so UC San Diego automatically enrolls all registered students into the SHIP program. Read all about SHIP If your student can demonstrate that he/she has comparable medical insurance coverage, your student may be able to opt out of SHIP. There are strict guidelines and deadlines regarding this process, and your student is not guaranteed to receive a waiver. How to Waive SHIP (includes waiver periods/dates for each quarter) RAFT (Reduced Access Fee for Tritons) allows students who waive UC SHIP to visit Student Health Services (SHS) for many primary care needs without the worry of high costs. Students who waive UC SHIP but do not purchase RAFT must pay the full cost of all services at SHS. Read all about RAFT If you have questions or need help regarding SHIP, RAFT, or the health fee waiver, contact Student Health Services . Financial aid The following links should help you get started: Financial Aid for Parents/Families UC Blue and Gold Opportunity Plan Videos from the UC Office of the President on paying for a UC education If you have questions or need help regarding financial aid matters, contact the Financial Aid Office . Triton Cash Triton Cash allows students to pay for food, laundry, books, and other supplies using their UC San Diego ID card. Payment is accepted at more than 60 locations, on and off campus. You or your student can use cash, check, Visa, or MasterCard to deposit funds into the student's Triton Cash account. When the student presents the ID card to a vendor for payment, the purchase amount is subtracted from the Triton Cash account. Read all about the benefits of using Triton Cash , and how it works Open a new Triton Cash account Make a deposit to an existing Triton Cash account If you have questions or need help regarding Triton Cash accounts, contact the the Triton Cash office . Tax credits for education expenses Students or parents may be able to claim a credit against their federal income taxes for certain post-secondary educational expenses. UC San Diego must report student fee information to the IRS. The University of California has a contract with Tax Credit Reporting Service (TCRS) to electronically produce your student's Form 1098-T Tuition Statement. The 1098-T form is not mailed; it is only available online. Each student receives an e-mail notification from TCRS when his/her 1098-T is available at www.1098T.com . Read more about Education Tax Credits and Forms . Note: The link above goes to TritonLink, the website for current students. Information on this page is directed to current students and does not necessarily assist parents, guardians, or authorized payers. Online Tools for Authorized Parents/ Payers View and Pay Student's Bill Update Parent/Payer Information Enroll in TRIP Cancel TRIP Waive student health fees (this option is only available at certain times of the year) Don't Miss Important Dates Billing Due Dates Enrollment and Registration Calendar Financial Aid Timelines for Entering Undergrads and Continuing Undergrads Housing Rates and Payment Schedules Schedule of Refunds (if a student withdraws) SHIP Waiver Periods Campus Local Resources Campus Safety Finances / Money Matters Billing Due Dates Education Tax Credits Forms Financial Aid Payment Help Local Resources In Case of Emergency Copyright © Regents of the University of California. All rights reserved. Terms Conditions Feedback