University of California, San Diego Skip to content UCSD Search Faculty/Staff Search Faculty/Staff Search App Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Freshmen Transfers International Students Admissions Events Campus Tours Undergraduate Colleges Graduate Studies Current Students My TritonLink Academics Finances Jobs Student Life Well-Being Campus Services Parents Families Finances Academic Resources Get Involved Faculty Staff Buy Pay Facilities Services Faculty Resources Finance Human Resources Research Safety Student/Class Info Technology Travel Alumni News Community Events Resources Volunteer Friends Visitors About UC San Diego Giving News Campus Tours UC San Diego Foundation Employment Network Support UC San Diego Obese Children’s Brains More Responsive to Sugar Crafting the Perfect Brew UC San Diego alumni help lead San Diego’s growing microbrew industry Making an ‘IMPACT’ on Childhood Obesity UC San Diego and San Diego Unified School District partner to get kids active Feature story 1 Feature story 2 Feature story 3 Undergraduate Degree Programs Graduate Degree Programs Divisions Schools Arts Humanities Biological Sciences Graduate Division Jacobs School of Engineering Physical Sciences Rady School of Management School of International Relations and Pacific Studies School of Medicine Scripps Inst. of Oceanography Skaggs School of Pharmacy Pharmaceutical Sciences Social Sciences Undergraduate Colleges About The UCSD College System Marshall College Muir College Revelle College Roosevelt College Sixth College Warren College About UCSD Maps Tours Campus Life Diversity Health System Athletics Academics Research The Library Continuing Ed Preuss School Undergraduates Graduates Jobs Support UC San Diego News More news » CWC 5G Wireless Forum: The Promise and the Potential of a New User Experience It’s a testament to the excitement building around emerging fifth-generation (5G) wireless technologies that with only one month’s notice, 130 key experts from academia, government and industry met at the University of California, San Diego for the recent CWC 5G Forum on Next-Generation Wireless Systems – an opportunity to share insights, best practices and remaining research questions about the emerging systems and applications that are expected to drive 5G user experience. UC San Diego Receives $3 Million Award to Help Advance Energy Storage Systems The University of California, San Diego has been awarded $3 million by the U.S. Department of Energy’s Advanced Research Projects Agency-Energy (ARPA-E) to help move innovative energy storage technologies out of the lab and into the market. UC San Diego will help test and validate the performance of ARPA-E-funded technologies through a program called Cycling Hardware to Analyze and Ready Grid-Scale Electricity Storage (CHARGES). Campus Community Spreads Spirit of Giving this Holiday Season ‘Tis the season for giving and members of the UC San Diego community are spreading holiday cheer to those in need in myriad ways. From donating to toy drives to serving meals and supporting fundraisers, campus volunteers are exemplifying UC San Diego’s commitment to service. Earlier this year, Washington Monthly recognized UC San Diego as the No. 1 college in the nation, for the fifth consecutive year, for its contributions to the public good. The rankings are based on three categories, one of which is service––encouraging students to give back. Events More events » January 7 ArtPower! Presents Julian Lage January 10 ArtPower! Presents Pacifica Quartet January 14 The Rule of Law in China: Prospects and Challenges January 15 Teaching Diversity Conference, Jan. 15 Academic calendar » Calendar Gateway » UCSD Mobile Emergency Status Diversity Matters Disability Resources Principles of Community Surf: Stay connected Facebook Twitter YouTube UC San Diego 9500 Gilman Dr., La Jolla, CA 92093 (858) 534-2230 Copyright Regents of the University of California. All rights reserved. Terms Contact Campus Web Office Divisions and schools Arts Humanities Biological Sciences Graduate Division Jacobs School of Engineering Physical Sciences Rady School of Management School of International Relations and Pacific Studies School of Medicine Scripps Institution of Oceanography Skaggs School of Pharmacy Pharmaceutical Sciences Social Sciences Other university sites A-Z Site Index Athletics Blink Diversity Extension Health System The Library Maps Preuss School