UCLA Give to UCLA and tags, as close as possible to the opening tag. Creation Date: 09/24/2014 --> Search funds Find Funds Schools Causes Why Give Centennial Campaign CONNECT WITH US 310.794.2345 giveto@UCLA.edu Schools Anderson School of Management David Geffen School of Medicine Fielding School of Public Health Graduate School of Education and Information Studies Henry Samueli School of Engineering and Applied Science Luskin School of Public Affairs School of Dentistry School of Law School of Nursing School of the Arts and Architecture School of Theater, Film and Television The College Causes Give To UCLA Find Funds Schools Causes Why Give Centennial Campaign College and Professional Schools Anderson School of Management David Geffen School of Medicine Fielding School of Public Health Graduate School of Education and Information Studies Henry Samueli School of Engineering and Applied Science Luskin School of Public Affairs School of Dentistry School of Law School of Nursing School of the Arts and Architecture School of Theater, Film and Television The College Campus Areas Athletics Centers and Institutes Graduate Programs Health Sciences Libraries Museums Scholarships Student Affairs UCLA Extension and Continuing Education Search Funds... Clear WHAT MATTERS MOST TO YOU? Broad Stem Cell Research Center The UCLA Broad Stem Cell Research Center is working to transform patient care through the... % Learn More UCLA Grand Challenges Answering the White House’s call to solve major societal problems with breakthroughs in... Be the first to give to this fund! Learn More Mattel Children's Hospital Mattel Children's Hospital UCLA places children at the center of a holistic approach to... % Learn More The Centennial Campaign Fund No matter where your passion or interest lies, when you invest in UCLA, you effect real... A place for every passion Learn More The Anderson School Dean's Fund UCLA Anderson School of Management ranks among the top-tier business schools in the world,... % Learn More Fielding School of Public Health Innovation Fund The Public Health Innovation Fund allows the dean of the Fielding School to act quickly to... % Learn More Luskin School of Public Affairs: Dean's Innovation... Changing the world one person, one project, one place at a time. % Learn More Division of Undergraduate Education Enriching the student academic experience at UCLA through first-year seminars, cluster... % Learn More Institute of the Environment and Sustainability IoES provides top-flight research, teaching and outreach to address issues related to... % Learn More UCLA Lab School... An innovative school for children ages 4–12 where teachers encourage a child’s natural... % Learn More Alumni Scholarships General Fund Helping UCLA remain competitive with top-tier institutions for the most promising young... % Learn More Center for the Art of Performance at UCLA Support The Arts % Learn More Chancellor’s Greatest Needs Fund Fund Of The Month % Learn More UCLA Alzheimer's Disease Center Your Help Needed % Learn More Giving To What Matters UCLA Alzheimer's Disease Center I give so Alzheimer s will be a memory before my mother loses hers. 20 DONORS Division of Digestive Diseases The hospital at UCLA was there for me in my time of need. 10 DONORS The TFT Fund I donate because I believe in the Arts and what UCLA stands for. 169 DONORS Wooden Athletic Fund - Bruin Booster We ve supported the Bruins for over 60 years 224 DONORS The College: Integrative Biology and Physiology I donate because UCLA prepared me for my career and helped me build lifelong friendships. 40 DONORS The College: History UCLA provides superb education while shaping a better tomorrow. 179 DONORS UCLA Arts: World Arts and Cultures s stature are public enterprises designed and operated for the public good. 179 DONORS Broad Stem Cell Research Center The work they are doing truly inspires me and it s great to be able to support them. 17 DONORS Fielding Global Student Fieldwork Fund Every woman who was present that day changed me ... Despite difficult life circumstances, they care deeply about their health. They showed me what a passion for prevention really means. 0 DONORS Email Sign Up Want to receive more information from UCLA? FAQ Still have questions? Check out our FAQ for assistance. View The FAQ More Ways To Give Stocks, Bonds Annuities Planned Giving Bequests Donor Advised Funds Learn More Contact Us Can't find the fund you're looking for or have other questions? Contact us at gifts@support.ucla.edu or (310) 794-2345 Contact Details UCLA.edu UCLA Development UCLA Foundation Privacy Policy 2014 UCLA