The Centennial Campaign | UCLA and tags, as close as possible to the opening tag. Creation Date: 05/20/2014 --> Search funds Find Funds Schools Causes Why Give Centennial Campaign CONNECT WITH US 310.794.2345 giveto@UCLA.edu Schools Anderson School of Management David Geffen School of Medicine Fielding School of Public Health Graduate School of Education and Information Studies Henry Samueli School of Engineering and Applied Science Luskin School of Public Affairs School of Dentistry School of Law School of Nursing School of the Arts and Architecture School of Theater, Film and Television The College Causes Give To UCLA Find Funds Schools Causes Why Give Centennial Campaign College and Professional Schools Anderson School of Management David Geffen School of Medicine Fielding School of Public Health Graduate School of Education and Information Studies Henry Samueli School of Engineering and Applied Science Luskin School of Public Affairs School of Dentistry School of Law School of Nursing School of the Arts and Architecture School of Theater, Film and Television The College Campus Areas Athletics Centers and Institutes Graduate Programs Health Sciences Libraries Museums Scholarships Student Affairs UCLA Extension and Continuing Education Search Funds... Clear Why Give The Centennial Campaign Our Progress Together, There is No Limit to What We Can Let There Be Dreamers. Doers. At UCLA they re one and the same, only we call them optimists. They are innovative researchers, life-saving physicians, inspirational artists, record-breaking athletes, influential professors, inquisitive students – leaders who come to UCLA to build on the legacies of those who came before them and to serve the evolving needs of the world around them. Holding the doors of knowledge, opportunity and experience wide open, UCLA welcomes and serves the public — you, your family, our community, and our planet. The benefits are evident everywhere. As we enter a new century of public service, we require private support. The Centennial Campaign for UCLA will sustain our excellence through financial self-reliance. Help Make The Impossible Whether you can give $25 or $25 million, we ask you to partner with us to be part of something bigger. BUILDING ACCESS TO QUALITY EDUCATION "Higher education is the number one factor in social and economic mobility. When families can realize their higher-education dreams for their children, it benefits our economy and our society," says Shirley Wang '90, who with her husband, Walter, recently donated $1 million to create new scholarships for high-achieving students from families with financial need. "If you want to make our world—your world—a better place, investing in scholarships is a great place to start." The Means for a Better Way The power of giving is measured in more than dollars. It’s gauged in people. Quantified by discoveries and breakthroughs. And enumerated through lives changed. It’s a combination of extraordinary talent and powerful resources that make the impossible possible. Priorities By Purpose Priorities By Unit Priorities By Purpose Student/faculty support: Program/Research: Unrestricted: Capital: Student/faculty support: $1.5 billion Being a beacon for the rest of the world starts with attracting the best and the brightest students and faculty. That’s why, with your support, we provide them with everything they need to thrive: endowed chairs, scholarships, fellowships and access to the finest research tools and facilities. Precisely the things that entice influencers and innovators to come here from around the world to help us continue to redefine the landscape far beyond the borders of our campus. Program/Research: $1.65 billion Solving the world’s most pressing challenges takes world-class thinking. No place is more equipped to handle those challenges than UCLA. Expanding successful programs and funding new ones enables UCLA to generate new discoveries and answers, better serve the community, and provide the resources, tools and opportunities to create pioneering advances that change our lives in every way possible. Unrestricted: $250 million In our ever-changing, ever-diversifying world, the flexibility for adaptation and growth is crucial. Unrestricted funds give UCLA the ability to grasp new, unforeseen opportunities, whether from social, economic and political changes or from disruptive technology innovations. Unrestricted funds give UCLA the capacity to continue as a place for discovery. Capital: $800 million From a reimagined complex for the School of Theater, Film and Television, to a new Teaching and Learning Center within David Geffen School of Medicine, to expanded state-of-the-art facilities for engineering and athletics, UCLA is building the infrastructure that will shape the future. Priorities By Unit Health Sciences: College of Letters Science: $400 million Collegewide: $30 million Humanities: $80 million Life Sciences: $80 million Physical Sciences: $45 million Social Sciences: $110 million Undergraduate Education: $55 million Campuswide Initiatives: $178 million Broad Stem Cell Research Center: $10 million California Nanosystems Institute: $5 million General Campus/Other: $21 million Institute of American Cultures: $5 million International Institute: $35 million Student Affairs: $40 million UCLA Library: $52 million University Extension: $10 million Professional Schools: $1.362 billion Anderson School of Management: $175 million Arts and Architecture: $170 million Dentistry: $35 million Fielding School of Public Health: $160 million Graduate School of Education and Information Studies: $70 million Henry Samueli School of Engineering and Applied Science: $250 million Law: $150 million Luskin School of Public Affairs: $70 million Nursing: $32 million Theater, Film and Television: $250 million Athletics: $260 million Capital: $100 million Endowment/Scholarships: $50 million Unrestricted: $110 million Campaign Co-Chair Campaign Co-Chair --> Help Make The Impossible Whether you can give $25 or $25 million, we ask you to partner with us to be part of something bigger. THE CENTENNIAL CAMPAIGN EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE Gene Block Chancellor Anthony Pritzker Co-Chair Garen Staglin ’66, P ’01 Co-Chair Marion Anderson P ’77, ’88 James Collins ’50, P ’86, ’92 *Chair Emeritus Jonathan Fielding Jordan Kaplan MBA ’86 William E. Mitchell P ’07 Henry Samueli PhD ’80 Terry Semel Shirley Wang ’90 Casey Wasserman ’96 Robert Wilson ’53 *Chair Emeritus Committee still in formation Email Sign Up Want to receive more information from UCLA? FAQ Still have questions? Check out our FAQ for assistance. View The FAQ More Ways To Give Stocks, Bonds Annuities Planned Giving Bequests Donor Advised Funds Learn More Contact Us Can't find the fund you're looking for or have other questions? Contact us at gifts@support.ucla.edu or (310) 794-2345 Contact Details UCLA.edu UCLA Development UCLA Foundation Privacy Policy 2014 UCLA