Emergency services to be maintained during annual campus closure | UCLA Sunday, December 28, 2014 UCLA Home UCLA Directory Visit Apply Give MENU search open-search About UCLA Resources for Journalists Media contacts SCIENCE + TECHNOLOGY HEALTH + BEHAVIOR ENVIRONMENT + CLIMATE NATION, WORLD + SOCIETY ARTS + CULTURE STUDENTS + CAMPUS UNIVERSITY NEWS Opinion + Voices UCLA in the Community Faculty + Staff Centennial Campaign for UCLA University News Emergency services to be maintained during annual campus closure Winter quarter starts Jan. 5 | The UCLA Office of Media Relations and many other units across campus will be closed or have limited hours from Wednesday, Dec. 24, through Sunday, Jan. 4, as part of an annual winter closure to save energy and money. The campus will maintain emergency response capabilities by UCLA police, fire and other incident responders, and Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center will be open. For members of the news media seeking assistance, press officers will be available in the event of an emergency. If the matter is urgent, support is available by contacting an on-call press officer at 310-825-2585. Heating, cooling, ventilation and hot water will be turned off in many buildings on campus; they will remain on, however, in buildings housing research projects that require power. Due to the time-sensitive nature of some research, certain faculty, staff and students may be working in some buildings. Researchers have been cautioned to not work alone on projects involving hazardous materials or other physical hazards. Any accidents, spills, fires or other emergency incidents regardless of size should be reported immediately by calling 911 from a campus phone or 310-825-1491 from a mobile phone. Serious injuries should be reported to the Office of Environment, Health and Safety at 310-825-9797. The UCLA Police Department will provide 24-hour patrol, take reports and maintain emergency medical services . Safe-travel escorts by the department s community service officers will be available each day from 5 p.m. to 1 a.m. Facilities Management will staff its trouble call center (310-825-9236) continuously during the closure. The UCLA Store in Ackerman Union will be closed from Dec. 24 through Jan. 1. UCLA libraries will be closed from Dec. 24 through Jan. 4. With the exception of medical building parking areas, parking at campus pay stations will be complimentary during the closure. The winter quarter begins Monday, Jan. 5. Tags: UCLA campus university news Media Contact Office of Media Relations 310-825-2585 media@support.ucla.edu More University News Top UCLA stories of 2014: A year in images Emergency services to be maintained during annual campus closure UCLA No. 5 in Kiplinger’s ‘best value’ public universities VIEW ALL University News UCLA Top News Popular University News Top UCLA stories of 2014: A year in images University News Emergency services to be maintained during annual campus closure Want more UCLA news? See what we post on Facebook VIEW ALL Stories News Releases Media Advisories Health + Behavior Memory loss associated with Alzheimer’s reversed for first time Science + Technology Lens-free microscope can detect cancer at the cellular level Health + Behavior Lost memories might be able to be restored, new UCLA study indicates Faculty + Staff After Hours: Eddie Murphy and her historic Ohio home University News Big data in biosciences and health care is focus of new UCLA research center Nation, World + Society UCLA study identifies L.A. as most unaffordable rental market in the nation Science + Technology UCLA engineers first to detect and measure individual DNA molecules using smartphone microscope VIEW ALL Stories News Releases Media Advisories Twitter Facebook Explore UCLA UCLA Home UCLA Directory About UCLA UCLA Magazine Athletics Happenings Explore Newsroom All Stories Opinion + Voices UCLA in the Community Faculty + Staff News Photos + Video Contact Us For the Media Resources for Journalists Media Contacts at UCLA News Releases Media Advisories Media Guide to UCLA Experts Broadcast Studio News van parking 2014 UCLA All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use . Office of Media Relations