Researchers shed light on how ‘microbial dark matter’ might cause disease | UCLA Sunday, December 28, 2014 UCLA Home UCLA Directory Visit Apply Give MENU search open-search About UCLA Resources for Journalists Media contacts SCIENCE + TECHNOLOGY HEALTH + BEHAVIOR ENVIRONMENT + CLIMATE NATION, WORLD + SOCIETY ARTS + CULTURE STUDENTS + CAMPUS UNIVERSITY NEWS Opinion + Voices UCLA in the Community Faculty + Staff Centennial Campaign for UCLA Health + Behavior Researchers shed light on how ‘microbial dark matter’ might cause disease Breakthrough by scientists from UCLA, J. Craig Venter Institute and U. of Washington may be roadmap for study of other elusive bacteria | Batbileg Bor/UCLA and Ryan Hunter/University of Minnesota At left, the tight physical association between TM7x cells and XH001. At right, TM7x cells (red) attach to the surface of XH001 (white). One of the great recent discoveries in modern biology was that the human body contains 10 times more bacterial cells than human cells. But much of that bacteria is still a puzzle to scientists. It is estimated by scientists that roughly half of bacteria living in human bodies is difficult to replicate for scientific research which is why biologists call it microbial dark matter. Scientists, however, have long been determined to learn more about these uncultivable bacteria, because they may contribute to the development of certain debilitating and chronic diseases. For decades, one bacteria group that has posed a particular challenge for researchers is the Candidate Phylum TM7, which has been thought to cause inflammatory mucosal diseases because it is so prevalent in people with periodontitis, an infection of the gums. Now, a landmark discovery by scientists at the UCLA School of Dentistry, the J. Craig Venter Institute and the University of Washington School of Dentistry has revealed insights into TM7 s resistance to scientific study and to its role in the progression of periodontitis and other diseases. Their findings shed new light on the biological, ecological and medical importance of TM7, and could lead to better understanding of other elusive bacteria. The team s findings are published online in the December issue of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. I consider this the most exciting discovery in my 30-year career, said Dr. Wenyuan Shi, a UCLA professor of oral biology. This study provides the roadmap for us to make every uncultivable bacterium cultivable. The researchers cultivated a specific type of TM7 called TM7x, a version of TM7 found in people s mouths, and found the first known proof of a signaling interaction between the bacterium and an infectious agent called Actinomyces odontolyticus, or XH001, which causes mucosal inflammation. Once the team grew and sequenced TM7x, we could finally piece together how it makes a living in the human body, said Dr. Jeff McLean, acting associate professor at the University of Washington School of Dentistry. This may be the first example of a parasitic long-term attachment between two different bacteria where one species lives on the surface of another species gaining essential nutrients and then decides to thank its host by attacking it. To prove that TM7x needs XH001 to grow and survive, the team attempted to mix isolated TM7x cells with other strains of bacteria. Only XH001 was able to establish a physical association with TM7x, which led researchers to believe that TM7x and XH001 might have evolved together during their establishment in the mouth. What makes TM7x even more intriguing are its potential roles in chronic inflammation of the digestive tract, vaginal diseases and periodontitis. The co-cultures collected in this study allowed researchers to examine, for the first time ever, the degree to which TM7x helps cause these conditions. Uncultivable bacteria presents a fascinating final frontier for dental microbiologists and are a high priority for the NIDCR research portfolio, said Dr. R. Dwayne Lunsford, director of the National Institute of Dental and Craniofacial Research s microbiology program. This study provides a near-perfect case of how co-cultivation strategies and a thorough appreciation for interspecies signaling can facilitate the recovery of these elusive organisms. Although culture-independent studies can give us a snapshot of microbial diversity at a particular site, in order to truly understand physiology and virulence of an isolate, we must ultimately be able to grow and manipulate these bacteria in the lab. It was previously known that XH001 induces inflammation. But by infecting bone marrow cells with XH001 alone and then with the TM7x/XH001 co-culture, the researchers also found that inflammation was greatly reduced when TM7x was physically attached to XH001. This is the only known study that has provided evidence of this relationship between TM7 and XH001. The researchers plan to further study the unique relationship between TM7X and XH001 and how they jointly cause mucosal disease. Their findings could have implications for potential treatment and therapeutics. Other collaborators on the study were Drs. Xuesong He, Renate Lux and Anna Edlund of the UCLA School of Dentistry; Shibu Yooseph, Adam Hall and Karen Nelson of the Venter Institute; Su-Yang Liud and Genhong Cheng of the UCLA department of microbiology, immunology and molecular genetics; Pieter Dorresteine of UC, San Diego; Eduardo Esquenazi of Sirenas Marine Discovery; and Ryan Hunter of the University of Minnesota. Dr. Shi is part-time chief science officer at C3 Jian, Inc., which has licensed technologies from the University of California Regents that could be indirectly related to this research project. The work was supported in part by the NIH s National Institute of Dental and Craniofacial Research (grants 1R01DE023810-01, 1R01DE020102 and 1R01DE021108, and T90 training award DE022734) and the National Institute of General Medical Sciences (grant 1R01GM095373). Tags: biological sciences research health dentistry Media Contact Brianna Aldrich 310-206-0835 baldrich@dentistry.ucla.edu More Images TM7x and XH001 Left: The tight physical association between TM7x cells and XH001. Right: TM7x cells (red) attach to the surface of ... Batbileg Bor/UCLA and Ryan Hunter/University of Minnesota More Health + Behavior Top UCLA stories of 2014: A year in images Researchers shed light on how ‘microbial dark matter’ might cause disease Full-time employment with no health benefits was a trend for workers in 2012 VIEW ALL Health + Behavior UCLA Top News Popular University News Top UCLA stories of 2014: A year in images University News Emergency services to be maintained during annual campus closure Want more UCLA news? See what we post on Facebook VIEW ALL Stories News Releases Media Advisories Health + Behavior Memory loss associated with Alzheimer’s reversed for first time Science + Technology Lens-free microscope can detect cancer at the cellular level Health + Behavior Lost memories might be able to be restored, new UCLA study indicates Faculty + Staff After Hours: Eddie Murphy and her historic Ohio home University News Big data in biosciences and health care is focus of new UCLA research center Nation, World + Society UCLA study identifies L.A. as most unaffordable rental market in the nation Science + Technology UCLA engineers first to detect and measure individual DNA molecules using smartphone microscope VIEW ALL Stories News Releases Media Advisories Twitter Facebook Explore UCLA UCLA Home UCLA Directory About UCLA UCLA Magazine Athletics Happenings Explore Newsroom All Stories Opinion + Voices UCLA in the Community Faculty + Staff News Photos + Video Contact Us For the Media Resources for Journalists Media Contacts at UCLA News Releases Media Advisories Media Guide to UCLA Experts Broadcast Studio News van parking 2014 UCLA All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use . Office of Media Relations