Resources | Office of the Executive Vice President for Research Office of the Executive Vice President for Research Resources Sponsored Projects Handbook Clinical Research Handbook Animal Research Handbook Research Radiation Safety Handbook Research Compliance Training Finder Research Initiatives for Science and Engineering (RISE) Shared Research Computing Policy Advisory Committee (SRCPAC) Medical Research with Animals Effort Reporting RASCAL InfoEd SPIN Plus Compliance Hotline Additional information about each of these resources is available below. Sponsored Projects Handbook The Sponsored Projects Handbook has been created to give practical guidance to faculty and administrative staff of Columbia University in the management of sponsored projects funded by both governmental and private organizations. This Handbook will acquaint new investigators and administrators with the research policies and procedures of the University and serve as a reference guide for all investigators and administrators. Clinical Research Handbook The Clinical Research Handbook is a companion resource to the Sponsored Projects Handbook. It is geared to the clinical research coordinator and again follows the key phases of conducting clinical research at Columbia, from training to audits. It also includes a chapter on FDA-regulated research. Animal Research Handbook The Animal Research Handbook is a companion resource to the Sponsored Projects Handbook. It is designed to be a reference guide for faculty and staff who are involved in research using animals. Research Radiation Safety Handbook This Handbook has been created to give practical guidance to faculty and staff at Columbia University conducting research using sources of ionizing radiation so that the use of such sources is carried out in accordance with applicable laws, regulations and University policies and procedures. Research Compliance Training Finder The Research Compliance Training Finder is an interactive tool that identifies which research compliance trainings an individual may be required to take. Using a series of research-related questions, the Finder creates a personalized training chart of required and recommended trainings, complete with links to the trainings and the responsible offices. The personalized training chart can be printed out for later reference. The Training Finder was developed by RCT in collaboration with the IRB, IACUC, EH S and CTO. Research Initiatives for Science and Engineering (RISE) Each year, the Office of the EVPR sponsors a competition for RISE funding. These seed monies enable researchers to initiate a project to test a theory in development or a novel idea in order to gather the data necessary to then secure external funding. Interdisciplinary projects are favored. These formal announcements are sent via email to the University community, and contain the details on proposal submission, availability of funds, eligibility and deadlines. Shared Research Computing Policy Advisory Committee (SRCPAC) This committee is a faculty-dominated group focused on a variety of policy issues related to shared research computing on the Morningside campus. As the use of computational tools spreads to more disciplines to create, collaborate, and disseminate knowledge, there is a commensurate rise in the costs of establishing and maintaining these resources. SRCPAC examines and recommends the policies and practices to the senior administrators of the University that they deem best suited to accomplishing the research objectives. Medical Research with Animals Columbia University is committed to the use of animals in biomedical research only when all other options have been determined to be inadequate or inappropriate. We understand the responsibility associated with animal-based research and aim to provide the highest level of ethical and humane care. This website provides information about research conducted with animals at the University. Effort Reporting Effort reporting is the federally-mandated process by which the salary charged to a sponsored project is documented as being reasonable in relation to the effort expended on that project. RASCAL RASCAL is a web-based suite of IT modules that was developed to simplify the University s research compliance and administration processes. It was designed internally to help investigators and administrators manage ongoing research projects and related compliance activities at the University. RASCAL is used by many of the University s primary research administration offices. InfoEd SPIN Plus InfoEd SPIN Plus is suite of applications including a searchable funding opportunities database which contains up-to-date national and international government as well as private funding sources an automatic daily alert service that notifies investigators via email of relevant new funding opportunities initiated by a keyword match, and a database which stores profiles for faculty and administrators allowing searches of other investigators work and research interests to find potential collaborators. To access SPIN Plus, all you need is your UNI and password to be able to log into the system. Compliance Hotline 866-627-3768 More Information Home ABOUT Research at Columbia Faculty and Staff Quick Guide to Research Resources Sponsored Projects Handbook Clinical Research Handbook Animal Research Handbook Research Radiation Safety Handbook The Center for Digital Research and Scholarship Global Support Policies Researchers New to Columbia Research Compliance Topics in the News Newsletter Columbia University in the City of New York Search form Search