2015 Alfred I. duPont-Columbia Award Winners Announced | Columbia News Skip to Navigation Columbia University in the City of New York Help Search Columbia News Advanced Search 2015 Alfred I. duPont-Columbia Award Winners Announced FRONTLINE Wins Two Awards; Netflix Wins for the First Time , Media Contact: Sabina Lee, sabina.lee@columbia.edu , (212) 854-5579 New York, NY, December 17, 2014 Columbia University s Graduate School of Journalism today announced 14 winners of the Alfred I. duPont-Columbia University Awards. Investigative journalism will win seven awards spread across network television, radio, online and at the local level, most often in overlapping platforms. Four awards will go to local television news investigations, including reporting by KPNX 12 News, Phoenix; WFTS-TV, Tampa; WLTX-TV, Columbia; and WTSP 10 News, Tampa Bay. Public broadcasting is also well represented, including FRONTLINE from WGBH for two awards; an award for WNET s six-part historical series, The African Americans: Many Rivers to Cross with Henry Louis Gates ; two duPonts for NPR; and locally, a silver baton for Minnesota Public Radio s reporting on sexual abuse in the Twin Cities Catholic Church. . The 14 winning programs appeared on air, online or in theaters between June 30, 2013 and July 1, 2014. The duPont Jury looks for accurate and fair reporting about important issues that are powerfully told. Breaking news coverage, innovative storytelling and content, and stories that have an impact in the public interest are paramount. The Alfred I. duPont-Columbia University Awards honor excellence in broadcast, digital and documentary journalism. The awards, established in 1942 by Jessie Ball duPont in memory of her husband Alfred I. duPont, are generously supported by the Jessie Ball duPont Fund. . About the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism Top General Inquiries 212-854-5573 Robert joined Columbia in 2005 with 20 years of progressive business, management and cultural experience with diverse organizations, such as universities, art galleries, museums, technology companies and public relations agencies. His PR clients included IBM, General Electric, Tyco, Intel and General Motors. Previously, he held senior positions at the Illinois Arts Council, the American Craft Museum and the Aperture Foundation. "> Robert Hornsby Associate Vice President for Media Relations 212-854-9752 rh2239@columbia.edu A life-long New Yorker and resident of West Harlem, Victoria has been a Columbia public affairs officer since 2007. For more than two decades, she has worked in media relations and event promotions related to architecture, urban planning, local politics and community affairs. Prior to joining Columbia, she worked with a number of the city s cultural institutions. She is fluent in Spanish and continues to work closely with organizations and media that serve local constituencies. "> Victoria Benítez Director of Communications for Community and Civic Initiatives 212-854-6732 vb2239@columbia.edu Prior to joining Columbia in 2010, Beth was a senior features editor at Women s Wear Daily . She has more than 12 years of journalism experience and has worked for Newsweek , Fortune Small Business and TheStreet.com. Her writing has also appeared in Wired , Travel + Leisure , Portfolio.com and other publications. From 2004 to 2007 Beth was the senior editor at Columbia Magazine . She is a graduate of the University of Pennsylvania. "> Beth Kwon Director of Communications for Science, Technology and Entrepreneurship 212-854-6581 beth.kwon@columbia.edu Eve arrived at Columbia in 2013 after three years as the assistant director of communications at The Jewish Theological Seminary. Prior to joining JTS, she spent more than 25 years in media and publishing. She was first in magazine publishing, primarily as an editor at Travel Leisure . Then she had an editorial consulting business, producing publications for corporate clients. Her freelance stories have appeared in Travel Leisure , the New York Times , Art Auction , Outside , and Ladies Home Journal. Eve has a bachelor s degree in art history and English from New York University. "> Eve Glasberg Art, Music, Literature, and Libraries 212-854-8336 eg2731@columbia.edu Prior to joining Columbia, Jessica served as a media relations officer for several top academic medical centers, including NewYork-Presbyterian (Columbia University Medical Center and Weill Cornell Medical College), NYU Langone Medical Center and Wake Forest Baptist Medical Center, where she worked with basic researchers to translate and promote their scientific pursuits for the media. Prior to entering media relations, Jessica spent several years as a newspaper reporter covering a wide variety of subjects. A graduate of Stony Brook University, she graduated with a degree in multidisciplinary studies with concentrations in journalism, history and biology. "> Jessica Guenzel Basic Sciences 212-854-0588 jg3570@columbia.edu Prior to joining Columbia, Sabina worked as a communications and public affairs executive for a number of government, media and nonprofit organizations, including Cornell University and the Korea Health Industry Development Institute where she served as advisor and editor-in-chief of its quarterly publication. A graduate of Pratt Institute, she studied international policy and management at the Monterey Institute of International Studies, a graduate school of Middlebury College. "> Sabina Lee Anthropology, Classics, History, Languages and Religion 212-854-5579 sabina.lee@columbia.edu Prior to joining Columbia, Eric spent more than a decade in several media relations and public affairs positions. He worked for an educational nonprofit, a labor union and in New York State and New York City government. He has a bachelor s degree in political science from Union College and has conducted ethnographic fieldwork in the West Indies. "> Eric Sharfstein Economics, Political Science, and Sociology 212-854-6164 es3106@columbia.edu Copyright 2014 Columbia University