Research | Columbia News Skip to Navigation Columbia University in the City of New York Help Search Columbia News Advanced Search Study Reveals How Voters’ Opinions on Same-Sex Marriage Can Change Can a 20-minute doorstep conversation with a gay canvasser create large and lasting changes in opinions on same-sex marriage? Research by Columbia Professor Donald P. Green and UCLA doctoral student Michael J. LaCour indicates that it can. Top Stories Is There Intelligent Life in the Universe? 5 Questions with Astrobiologist Caleb Scharf Nicolaus Copernicus, the 16th century Polish astronomer and mathematician, wasn t the first to suggest that the Earth wasn t the center of the universe, but he was the first to prove it with a mathematical theorem. By doing so he upended the notion that Earth is unique, giving rise to the idea that there might be life on other planets. Five Questions with Cultural Psychologist Valerie Purdie-Vaughns The issue of race is foremost in the nation s consciousness as events in Ferguson, Mo. unfold. But for Valerie Purdie-Vaughns, there is a more important message. There are parents sitting in their home right now who buried their son, said the associate professor of psychology at Columbia. It is a lesson about our humanity. Every other lesson is secondary. More Research News Sociologist Priscilla Ferguson on Thanksgiving Columbia Experts Tackle Many Aspects of Ebola Columbia Professors Discuss the Issues Facing Voters in 2014 Law School Professor Inspired by Her Own Background to Help Immigrant Children Legendary Marshmallow Test Yields Lessons for Everyday Challenges in Self-Control Geographer Looks Back at Human History to Understand How We Got to 7 Billion and Counting Faculty Q A: Daniel Ames on Negotiation, Self-Awareness and Mind Reading Shift in Arabian Sea Plankton May Threaten Fisheries New Hope for Hair Loss Using the Early History of Jazz as a Case Study for Innovation, Marketing and More See all Research news See all videos Multimedia FDA-Approved Drug Restores Hair in Patients with Alopecia Areata. Link Out URL: http://www.columbia.edu/cu/news/newsletter/ --> Link Out URL: climate --> Columbia in the Headlines WCBS-TV, Dec 18 Scientific American, Dec 18 NPR, Dec 17 The New York Times, Dec 12 The Washington Post, Dec 11 Copyright 2014 Columbia University