Colleges and Schools | About the UW Skip to main content University of Washington University of Washington Students Parents Faculty Schools Course Descriptions Registration Student Guide Time Schedule Apply Admissions Continuing Education Financial Aid Majors Student Housing Transfer Credit Policies Tuition Fees UW Online News Events UW Today Arts UW Calendar Husky Sports Research Researcher resources Collaboration Funding opportunities Stats and rankings Undergraduate research Support the UW Give to the UW Campuses Bothell Seattle Tacoma About the UW Home About the UW Colleges and Schools Menu Home Academic Departments What are you driven to discover? A lifesaving cure? An entirely new art form? A solution for greener technologies? At the UW, you’ll do more than read about change; you’ll be the catalyst making positive change happen. Explore our colleges, schools and programs. College of Arts and Sciences The College of Arts Sciences provides a cutting-edge liberal arts education with rich opportunities to explore our cultural and natural worlds. We prepare our students to become leaders in an increasingly diverse society. College of Built Environments At the College of Built Environments, we focus on planning, design, construction and management of our built environments. We prepare graduates to create innovative urban infrastructure for future generations. Foster School of Business The Michael G. Foster School of Business is School of Dentistry A global leader in oral health research, the School of Dentistry prepares students to be true 21st-century dentists with evidence-based training grounded in the latest advances of biological and materials science. College of Education An effective public education system for a diverse citizenry is the cornerstone of democracy. At the College of Education, we re dedicated to making an excellent education a daily reality for every student in every community. College of Engineering We are a diverse community of innovators working to dramatically improve the quality of life in our state, our nation and the world. We do it by leading in engineering discovery, innovation, education and engagement. College of the Environment Spanning the forests to the seas, from the depths of the earth to the edges of the solar system, the College of the Environment is an unrivaled constellation of environmental research, education and application. The Graduate School The UW offers more than 370 graduate programs across all three campuses and online, from master’s to doctoral programs for people who are launching or continuing academic, research or professional careers. The Information School The Information School explores the relationship between information, technology and people. Graduates investigate the uses and users of information, as well as information technologies, and apply their expertise for the advancement of science, business, education and culture. School of Law The School of Law is one of the nation’s top public law schools and one of the world’s most respected centers for interdisciplinary legal scholarship and study. We prepare our students to succeed in the evolving legal profession and to go on to be leaders for the global common good. School of Medicine The UW School of Medicine is recognized as one of the nation’s top providers of medical education. The school is a leader in training of primary-care physicians and advancing medical knowledge through scientific research. School of Nursing For more than 27 years, the UW School of Nursing has been a top-rated nursing school. Our mission is to advance nursing science and practice through generating knowledge and preparing future leaders in health fields. School of Pharmacy Nationally and globally ranked, the School of Pharmacy educates the next generation of pharmacy and research leaders and trains students for a career that combines a love of science and patient-centered health care. Evans School of Public Affairs Over the past 50 years, the Daniel J. Evans School of Public Affairs has built a reputation as one of the best public policy schools in the nation. It is defined by a tradition of rigorous study, innovative research and a commitment to public service. School of Public Health The School of Public Health is dedicated to fostering healthy people in sustainable communities – locally, nationally and globally. Our more than 10,000 graduates have gone on to create transformative change to improve people’s lives. School of Social Work A national leader, the School of Social work is recognized for tackling the most pressing issues of our day through classroom innovation, public engagement and advanced research. Home Academic Departments Apply to the UW The UW has thriving campuses in Seattle, Bothell and Tacoma and robust professional and continuing education programs. Admissions Resources Academic Calendar Academic Departments UW Libraries Time Schedule University of Washington Be boundless Connect with us: Facebook Twitter Instagram Tumblr YouTube LinkedIn Pinterest Vine Google+ Accessibility Contact Us Jobs Campus Safety My UW Rules Docket Privacy Terms 2014 University of Washington | Seattle, WA