Visit the UW Skip to main content University of Washington University of Washington Students Parents Faculty Schools Course Descriptions Registration Student Guide Time Schedule Apply Admissions Continuing Education Financial Aid Majors Student Housing Transfer Credit Policies Tuition Fees UW Online News Events UW Today Arts UW Calendar Husky Sports Research Researcher resources Collaboration Funding opportunities Stats and rankings Undergraduate research Support the UW Give to the UW Campuses Bothell Seattle Tacoma Visit the UW Home Visit the UW Visitors Center Menu About Academics Apply News Events Research Support the UW Campuses Welcome to the University of Washington! We’re here to help you find the information you need. Explore on your own or take a  student-led tour  to find out more about Husky Life. Future Students Daily Visit Transfer Thursday Sample a Class Special Group Tours Getting to Campus Interactive Map Things To Do Parents Families Welcome, Parents and Families Parent Family Programs Parent Events Student Life Housing Options Parent-to-Parent Advice Convocations and Commencement ArtsUW Upcoming Events Ticket Info Maps and Venues About Connect with Us Supports the Arts Husky Athletics Schedule Husky Tickets  |  FAQ Gameday Guide Tyee Club Band / Cheer / Mascot Alumni Association UWAA Events Lectures Other Learning Events Career Events Contact the UWAA Why Join UWAA? Lectures / Conferences Events Calendar Campus Map Getting To Campus Campus Directory Home Honoring those who served Explore Campus Locator Map:   Visitors Center Phone:  206-543-9198 Email:   uwvic@uw.edu Office hours:  Monday-Friday, 8:30-5 p.m.  Closed on holidays . Please note holiday hours: December 24 31: 8:30 a.m.-12 p.m. December 25 January 1: Closed Address:   Odegaard Library  022 Odegaard, Seattle, WA 98195-5502 Campus operator:  206-543-2100. Key Contacts:  Common emails and phone numbers. Visitor Guide:  Download the brochure (PDF). Mail:   Addressing letters to UW. People Finder Office Finder University of Washington Be boundless Connect with us: Facebook Twitter Instagram Tumblr YouTube LinkedIn Pinterest Vine Google+ Accessibility Contact Us Jobs Campus Safety My UW Rules Docket Privacy Terms 2014 University of Washington | Seattle, WA