Admissions Skip to main content University of Washington University of Washington Students Parents Faculty Schools Course Descriptions Registration Student Guide Time Schedule Apply Admissions Continuing Education Financial Aid Majors Student Housing Transfer Credit Policies Tuition Fees UW Online News Events UW Today Arts UW Calendar Husky Sports Research Researcher resources Collaboration Funding opportunities Stats and rankings Undergraduate research Support the UW Give to the UW Campuses Bothell Seattle Tacoma Admissions Home Admissions Apply to the University of Washington Menu About Academics Apply News Events Research Support the UW Campuses You’re undaunted by challenges. In fact, you seek them out. You believe that a world of good starts with one person. One step. We believe that too. So what are you waiting for? Start the journey to become a Husky today. Undergraduate Seattle When you come to the UW’s Seattle campus, you’re part of more than the innovative city that’s brought us everything from legendary music to lifesaving cures. You’re part of something bigger, too. You’re part of a globally connected community that loves to innovate, to explore, to create. Here, you’re part of Seattle’s vibrant history — and the world’s promising future. Bothell As the fastest-growing university in the state, UW Bothell offers high-demand degree programs with an emphasis on student-faculty interaction and critical thinking. Our breathtaking campus includes the state’s most successful wetlands restoration site, providing unique educational and research opportunities. Tacoma At UW Tacoma, students become engines of change for themselves, their families and their communities. Set in beautiful historic downtown Tacoma, the campus melds classic urban architecture with modern technology. Faculty and students work together in small classes striving for academic excellence, personal growth and professional expertise. Graduate Graduate School The University of Washington offers more than 370 graduate programs across all three UW campuses and online, from master’s to doctoral programs for people who are launching or continuing academic, research or professional careers. To explore or to apply to a graduate program, start with the Graduate School. Professional School of Law The UW School of Law is one of the nation’s top public law schools and one of the world’s most respected centers for interdisciplinary legal scholarship and study. Our innovative, student-focused learning environment prepares our students to succeed in the evolving legal profession and to go on to be leaders for the global common good. School of Medicine The UW School of Medicine, renowned for its pioneering research, is recognized as one of the nation’s top medical schools. Its unique community-based medical education program, WWAMI, serves a five-state region and emphasizes training clinicians to serve in rural areas. School of Dentistry The School of Dentistry, a global leader in oral health research, prepares students to be true 21st-century dentists with evidence-based training grounded in the latest advances of biological and materials science. School of Pharmacy Nationally and globally ranked, the School of Pharmacy educates the next generation of pharmacy and research leaders and trains students for a career that combines a love of science and patient-centered health care. Certificates, degrees and courses for busy adults All programs Choose from more than 130 certificate programs, 70 degrees and hundreds of courses with part-time options in the evening, on weekends and online. Finish your bachelor’s online Online programs Choose from 50 certificate programs, 20 degrees and hundreds of courses. Online master’s degrees University of Washington Be boundless Connect with us: Facebook Twitter Instagram Tumblr YouTube LinkedIn Pinterest Vine Google+ Accessibility Contact Us Jobs Campus Safety My UW Rules Docket Privacy Terms 2014 University of Washington | Seattle, WA