Homepage Skip to main content University of Washington University of Washington Students Parents Faculty Staff Alumni Quick Links About About the UW Diversity Leadership Maps Sustainability Visit Academics Academic Calendar Academic Departments Colleges Schools Course Descriptions Registration Student Guide Time Schedule Apply Admissions Continuing Education Financial aid Majors Student Housing Transfer Credit Policies Tuition Fees UW Online News Events UW Today Arts UW Calendar Husky Sports Research Researcher resources Collaboration Funding opportunities Stats and rankings Undergraduate research Support the UW Give to the UW Campuses Bothell Seattle Tacoma Menu About Academics Apply News Events Research Support the UW Campuses University Of Washington Featured Story Slideshow Art of Light With support from a family whose Husky roots go back 100 years, Julia Chamberlain is forging brave new worlds in glass and light. Learn more SKY-HIGH SOLUTION With sights set sky high on streamlining coating for the aerospace industry, UW startup PolyDrop developed an additive that’s grabbed the attention of Boeing — and they’re just getting started. Learn more A Heart for Health Care Taylor Boyd, a proud second-generation Husky, is committed to giving back to the community and to providing health services to underserved populations. Learn more Protecting the Puget Sound Tim Dardis is helping protect the Puget Sound’s wildlife by reducing the harmful noise pollution of aquatic construction projects. Learn more On Campus UWAA reflects on 125 years of service What began as a small network of pioneers has grown into a global Husky community who believe in the power of higher education. The Alumni Association wraps its year-long celebration of alumni and the contributions made by generations of diverse individuals in support of the University of Washington. Best Husky Moments of 2014 With each holiday season, we have a wonderful opportunity to reflect on the events of the past year and their impact on our lives. Some of our students, faculty and staff took the time to share their favorite Husky memories. WATCH Huskies are headed to the Cactus Bowl on Jan. 2 The Washington football team earned a bowl game for a fifth straight season, accepting an invitation to play in the 26th annual TicketCity Cactus Bowl against Oklahoma State. The game will be played at Sun Devil Stadium in Tempe, Ariz. Bowl Central     Campus Life Libraries Markets Food Trucks Coffee Shops Residence Halls Restaurants Contributions to the UW this year created University of Washington Be boundless Connect with us: Facebook Twitter Instagram Tumblr YouTube LinkedIn Pinterest Vine Google+ Accessibility Contact Us Jobs Campus Safety My UW Rules Docket Privacy Terms © 2014 University of Washington | Seattle, WA