Office of New Haven and State Affairs | onhsa.yale.edu Search this site: Home Economic Growth Fiscal Impact Public Schools and Youth Strong Neighborhoods A Vital Downtown Yale Community Outreach Contact Us Living in New Haven News Spotlight The Yale School of Music has long supported arts education programs in the New Haven Public Schools in its role as one of the leading arts organizations in New Haven. This effort was enhanced by the establishment of the Music in Schools Initiative in 2007, thanks to the generous 50th reunion class gift by the Yale College Class of 1957 . These visionary Yale alumni, recognizing the value of arts education in public schools, established an endowment to secure the future of music programs in New Haven. The endowment identifies three main responsibilities for the School: To provide programs in the New Haven Public Schools that complement the work of full-time music teachers To host a biennial Symposium on Music in Schools for public school music teachers from around the United States To host visiting professors who work in music education and train School of Music students During the academic year, the Music in Schools Initiative places Teaching Artists in more than thirty public schools throughout New Haven. Teaching artists are YSM students trained to complement the work of full-time NHPS music teachers. They teach sectionals, ensembles, private lessons, and other activities depending on the needs of the school to which they are assigned. The Music in Schools Initiative also hosts the All-City Honors Ensembles , the Yale/New Haven Young Artists Solo Competition , and other activities throughout the year. The Yale summer SCHOLAR program brings 100 high school students from New Haven and West Haven Public Schools to live and study science for two weeks on Yale campus. The goal is to prepare motivated and academically promising students for success in college and to strengthen their ability to pursue science majors and careers. SCHOLAR provides an intensive, hands-on science curriculum that emphasizes discovery, critical thinking and problem solving. The curriculum is designed by Yale University faculty, graduate and professional students, and teachers from local public schools. Yale students serve a vital role as teaching assistants and mentors. Check out the program on Instagram! www.instagram.com/yalescholar Yale University has been a part of the New Haven community for three centuries. The Yale University Office of New Haven and State Affairs (ONHSA) provides a front door to Yale and its resources for the people and organizations of Greater New Haven. Working with other University departments and our neighbors in New Haven , ONHSA spearheads Yale's partnerships to strengthen New Haven through fostering economic development, revitalizing neighborhoods, supporting public school and youth programs, and creating a vital downtown. Copyright 2014 Yale University. All rights reserved. Content may not have been approved by or reflect the views of Yale University.