Want to be a World Fellow? | Yale World Fellows Jump to navigation Search form About Who We Are The Program Our Partners Contact Us The Fellows Find a Fellow The 2014 Fellows 2014 Fellows Digital Press Release News In the Media Tumblr Stories Events World Fellows Night 2014 The Inspired Series Past Events Apply Information for Applicants Common Questions   Want to be a World Fellow? Applications to the Yale World Fellows program are accepted from across sectors and around the world.  Each class of Fellows is a unique group: geographically balanced, and representative of a wide range of professions, talents, and perspectives.   The application deadline for the 2015 Program has passed. Submitted applicants may  check the status of their application . Interested in applying for 2016?    Sign up to be notified when our next application cycle begins. To be eligible, applicants must: Fellows are at least five, and typically not more than twenty, years into their careers, with demonstrated work accomplishments, and a clear indication of future contributions and excellence.  The average age of a World Fellow is 39, though there is no minimum or maximum age limit. An excellent command of the English language is essential.   While dual citizens are eligible, preference is given to candidates whose work is focused outside the US. Selection criteria include: An established record of extraordinary achievement and integrity; Commitment to engagement in crucial issues and to making a difference at the national or international level; Promise of a future career of leadership and notable impact; Special capacity for critical, creative, entrepreneurial, and strategic thinking; Likelihood to benefit from participation in the Program and to contribute to global understanding at Yale; Commitment to a rigorous program of activities, to full-time residence at Yale for the entire duration of the program, and to mentoring students and speaking frequently on campus APPLICATION PROCESS OVERVIEW: Please note that application for admission to the Yale World Fellows Program is an online process. There are no paper forms to complete or mail.  Prior to the deadline you are able to work on your application at any time and submit it when you are ready. After creating an account and accessing the online application you can upload materials and request your letters of recommendation. Most questions about the Program and the application process can be answered by reviewing this website and the common questions .  If your question is unanswered, you may contact staff at . Please do not send multiple emails regarding one issue, and please do not email staff individually. We thank you for your patience in allowing staff adequate time to thoughtfully process your inquiries. Find a Fellow Fellow Name Country / Region - Any - Africa Middle East/North Africa North and South America Central America North America South America Asia-Pacific Europe South and Central Asia Afghanistan Algeria Argentina Armenia Australia Austria Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Belgium Bolivia Brazil Cameroon Canada Chile China Colombia Costa Rica Cyprus Czech Republic Democratic Republic of the Congo Ecuador Egypt Equatorial Guinea Ethiopia France Georgia Germany Ghana Greece Haiti Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kenya Kosovo Kyrgyz Republic Lebanon Lithuania Malawi Malaysia Mexico Mongolia Morocco Myanmar Namibia Netherlands New Zealand Nicaragua Nigeria Northern Ireland Pakistan Panama Peru Philippines Poland Russia Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia South Africa South Korea Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Sweden Switzerland Syria Tanzania Tunisia Turkey Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Uzbekistan Venezuela Vietnam Zimbabwe Field - Any - Academia Art/Culture Business Civil Society Corporate Governance Corruption Democracy Economic Development Education Environment/Sustainability Faith/Religion Finance Gender/Women Global Trade Government/Politics Human Rights Law Media/Journalism Military/Security NGO/Social Activism Philanthropy Public Health Social Entrepreneurship Youth Yale Students Calling All Yale Students! Get involved with Yale World Fellows Learn more Join our Mailing List Join our Mailing List Stay informed Sign up here YALE WORLD FELLOWS 2013 DESIGN BY ELEMENTS WEB DEVELOPMENT BY YPPS WEBSITE LOGIN ABOUT Who We Are The Program Our Partners Contact Us MEET THE FELLOWS Find a Fellow The 2014 Fellows 2014 Fellows Digital Press Release EVENTS About Who We Are The Program Our Partners Contact Us The Fellows Find a Fellow The 2014 Fellows 2014 Fellows Digital Press Release News In the Media Tumblr Stories Events World Fellows Night 2014 The Inspired Series Past Events Apply Information for Applicants Common Questions APPLY Information for Applicants Common Questions CONTACT YALE WORLD FELLOWS YALE UNIVERSITY P.O. BOX 208360 NEW HAVEN, CT 06520-8360 USA TEL: 203 432 1910 FAX: 203 432 1913 EMAIL: WORLD.FELLOWS@YALE.EDU