BioScience Research Collaborative Menu "Home" Begins - Skip Menu Home About BRC Information People Researchers Staff Departments, Institutes Centers News BioSEA Shared Instrumentation VWR Storeroom Texas Medical Center Event Reservations BRC Events Venue Availability Menu "Home" Ends Login for access to Service Guide    Contact Us Mailing Address: BioScience Research Collaborative (BRC) Rice University 6500 Main Street, MS-650 Houston, TX 77030-1402 Phone: 713.348.8600 Building Maintenance   Location Map   Parking Building Venues The BRC features state of the art meeting and event venues. Click here for more information!   NSF renews grant for biological physics research at Rice Rice chemist wins rare NSF Special Creativity Award Immune system is key ally in cyberwar against cancer High blood-sugar levels may harden heart valves Rice chemists advance understanding, control of collagen formation Initiative to save premature newborns gets boost at UN children's event Cell's skeleton is never still The BioScience Research Collaborative The BioScience Research Collaborative is an innovative space where scientists and educators from Rice University and other Texas Medical Center institutions work together to perform leading research that benefits human medicine and health. Thoughtfully designed to facilitate and encourage interdisciplinary interactions among interinstitutional researchers, the BRC is equipped for cutting-edge laboratory, theoretical and computational investigations. Research encompasses a wide range of disciplines from chemistry to bioengineering and focuses largely on improving human wellness through science. More than just a building, the BRC is a catalyst for new and better ways for researchers to collaborate, explore, learn and lead. Networking Opportunities 12/17/2014 - BRC Holiday Party 'Tis the Season to be Tacky - ugly holiday sweater time! 12/4/2014 - 2014 BRC Party Pics Enjoy photos from 2014 BRC functions! Upcoming Events Did You Know? Did you know how dessert inspired Jordan Miller's research? Click here for his TEDx Talk! Did you know Stephanie Tzouanas has been selected to receive the 2014 Student Award for Outstanding Research from the Society for Biomaterials? Click here for more info!  Did you know about the Tidelands Motel, one of Houston's swankiest? Click here for more info!  Rice University 6100 Main, Houston, Texas 77005-1827 Mailing Address: P.O. Box 1892, Houston, Texas 77251-1892 Community | Alumni | News | My.Rice ©2008 Rice University | Contact Information | Maps + Directions | Rice A-Z  