Home | The University of Texas at Austin Skip Navigation Colleges Schools Directory Offices Maps Calendars Libraries Mobile UT Direct Make a Gift About UT Academics Athletics Campus Life Community Engagement Research Students Faculty Staff Alumni Friends What Starts Here Search UT [Video] This year marked another great one for The University of Texas at Austin. Check out our recap of 2014. --> Captivating art, historical exploration and elite sporting events await campus visitors as UT closes out 2014. Plus, tips on the best photo ops. Plan your visit! --> [Alcalde] How an ingenious alumnus became the UT Lego guy. --> [Video] This year marked another great one for The University of Texas at Austin. Check out our recap of 2014. Captivating art, historical exploration and elite sporting events await campus visitors as UT closes out 2014. Plus, tips on the best photo ops. Plan your visit! [Alcalde] How an ingenious alumnus became the UT Lego guy. News Explore all news Go to Emergency Information for details. Go to ITS Alerts for details. UT launches Center for Sports Leadership and Innovation Character development of athletes will be focus of new effort that leverages university's academic and athletic strengths. Scientists crack code for redrawing bird family tree New computational technique developed at the university sheds light on the timing of a "big bang" in bird evolution. Study measures methane emissions from natural gas A small percentage of wells accounts for the majority of emissions, reports Cockrell School research team. Kiplinger ranks UT Austin No. 14 best-value public college University recognized for combining outstanding education with economic value in annual list. UT Austin establishes 3-year integrated dual degrees Two new programs that blend the study of public policy and law are accepting applications for admission. Events Explore the UT Events Calendar : : : : : : Apply Here Undergraduate Admissions First-Time Freshmen Transfer Students International Admissions Graduate Admissions Future Students Financial Aid Tuition Visit Here Arts Attractions Campus Tours Maps Visitor Parking UT Events Calendar Austin History Traditions Athletics Learn Here Blackboard | Canvas Registration Course Schedules Areas of Study Continuing Education Study Abroad Academic Support Syllabi and CVs Live Here Housing on Campus Places to Eat Safety Security Student Activities RecSports University Health Services Counseling Mental Health Shuttle Buses Connect Here Jobs Human Resource Services Corporate Connections HireTexas Volunteer Service Learning Texas Exes Giving to UT Official University Events SEARCH HERE: Our Popular Searches registrar , what i owe , transcript , course schedule , financial aid , tuition , jobs , blackboard , orientation , ris , email , transcripts , grade report , ate , parking , registration , webmail , class listing , cash , grades --> Diversity The university fosters a culture of leadership through diverse people and ideas. Enrollment Management UT Austin's goal: to graduate 70 percent of its students within four years by 2017. Transforming UT Follow our efforts to make UT Austin one of the nation's most efficient public universities. Further Findings Follow the research blog for the stories behind research at the university. Look Around Get a new perspective on the university campus with this virtual tour's 360-degree views. UT History Central Explore, experience and celebrate the history and traditions of the university. Texas iPhone App The University of Texas at Austin is now available wherever you go. Get Social Find The University of Texas at Austin on Facebook and other social channels. Map Collection Explore the world with the Perry-Castañeda Library's collection of online maps. Tower Talk President William Powers Jr. blogs about the life of The University of Texas at Austin. Tuition Dollars Sense This is your one-stop shop for comprehensive information on tuition at the university. TexasSports.com The official site of Texas Athletics keeps you up-to-date on all Longhorns sports. What Starts Here Learn about the university's What Starts Here motto and the core messages.  Veteran Services Resources to help ease your transition from the military to life on a college campus. DigiMorph Experience spectacular 3-D imagery and animations of the interiors of natural objects. Office of Public Affairs Office of Public Affairs Colleges Schools Cockrell School of Engineering College of Education College of Fine Arts College of Liberal Arts College of Natural Sciences College of Pharmacy Dell Medical School Graduate School Jackson School of Geosciences Lyndon B. Johnson School of Public Affairs McCombs School of Business Moody College of Communication School of Architecture School of Information School of Law School of Nursing School of Social Work School of Undergraduate Studies Libraries Alexander Architectural Archive Architecture and Planning Library Benson Latin American Collection Classics Library Fine Arts Library Kuehne Physics Mathematics Astronomy Library Life Science Library Mallet Chemistry Library Marine Science Library McKinney Engineering Library Perry-Castañeda Library Tarlton Law Library Walter Geology Library Destinations Blanton Museum of Art Briscoe-Garner Museum Cactus Cafe Dolph Briscoe Center for American History Frank Erwin Center Harry Ransom Center H.J. Lutcher Stark Center for Physical Culture and Sports Lady Bird Johnson Wildflower Center Landmarks Public Art Program Lyndon Baines Johnson Library and Museum Marine Science Institute McDonald Observatory Sam Rayburn Museum Texas Natural Science Center Texas Performing Arts University Unions Visual Arts Center Austin, Texas 78712 512-471-3434 hello@utexas.edu Make a Gift to UT UT maps Resources for People with Disabilities Connect Visit the UT Austin Facebook Visit the UT Austin Flickr Visit the UT Austin Twitter Visit the UT Austin Youtube Visit the UT Austin Social Media Directory What Starts Here Contact Emergency Information ITS Help Support © 2014 The University of Texas at Austin Web Privacy Policy Web Accessibility Policy Resources for People with Disabilities About this Site UT System State of Texas Statewide Search Fraud Hotline Online Institutional Résumés Access Syllabi and CVs --> /footer -->