A semester of literature in Spain | News from Brown Skip to main content Information For: Current Students Faculty Staff Families Alumni Friends Neighbors menu Find: A to Z Index People Directory Search Brown.edu Learn More: About Brown Academics Admission Research Campus Life Information For: Current Students Faculty Staff Families Alumni Friends Neighbors Search form Search About Brown Academics Admission Research Campus Life A to Z Index People Directory News from Brown Main menu News Campus and Community For Journalists Featured Events Main menu News Campus and Community For Journalists Featured Events Tweet Next: Panel to provide advice on patient empowerment December 3, 2014 A semester in Spain A semester of literature in Spain Julio Ortega, professor of Hispanic studies, began the semester in Madrid and has presented papers, led colloquia, and joined symposia in Barcelona, Salamanca, and Seville — and has had his most recent book published in Madrid. PROVIDENCE, R.I. [Brown University] — Julio Ortega, professor of Hispanic studies, spent the fall semester in Barcelona, Spain, as a faculty fellow at the Consortium of Advanced Studies, where he taught a seminar for students of seven American universities, including Brown, on transatlantic literature of the 21st century. His class looked at the works of new Catalan, Spanish, and Latin American authors. His new book César Vallejo, La Escritura del Devenir , was also published by Taurus in Madrid. Ortega began the academic year in Spain at the Universities of Salamanca, Sevilla, and Barcelona, addressing classes at each of the three institutions’ programs of Hispanic literature. He also presented papers on Julio Cortázar’s fiction at la Maison de la Amerique Latin, Paris, and on Nicanor Parra’s poetry at Universidad de Granada. With the University de Barcelona and the Consortium of Advanced Studies, Ortega organized the First Transatlantic Colloquium, dedicated to the cultural history of the city, readings across borders, and new women writers from Spain and Latin America. Three Ph.D. students from Brown’s Program in Hispanic Studies also took part in the colloquium. Ortega will end the semester in Madrid, speaking at a symposium on writer Cesar Vallejo, and at a celebration of the Argentinean translator Aurora Bernárdez. Note to Editors: Editors: Brown University has a fiber link television studio available for domestic and international live and taped interviews, and maintains an ISDN line for radio interviews. For more information, call (401) 863-2476. Brown University Facebook Twitter YouTube iTunes U Google+ LinkedIn RSS Futurity Resources A to Z Index Career Opportunities Make a Gift People Directory Giving to Brown Giving to Brown