Graduate School | Brown University Skip navigation Information For: Current Students Faculty Staff Families Alumni Friends Neighbors Brown Grad School About Brown Academics Admission Research Campus Life A to Z Index People Directory Shared Space Research Matters! Celebrating 125 of graduate study at Brown, eight graduate students and two alumni gave brief talks at this Fall Weekend event on "why my research matters." Topics ranged from teaching citizenship to what medical history tells us about broken hearts. Watch the videos. Empowering Support 'What I like about the five-year guarantee is that it incentivizes collaboration,’ says Meghan Kallman, a Brown PhD candidate in Sociology. ‘The guarantee also meant I could take intellectual risks and try out new ideas.’ Read More . Effective Mentoring Read More Master s Education The 14 actors in the 2015 Brown/Trinity Rep MFA program are preparing for March showcases for the industry in New York and Los Angeles. The MFA program is one of 28 master’s programs, ranging from Computer Science to Public Affairs. Read more . Skip to Navigation News and Announcements Training Ground: Using New Technology to Make Tissues and Possibly Organs A new instrument could someday build replacement human organs the way electronics are assembled today: with precise picking and placing of parts. led by Jeffrey Morgan, a Brown University bioengineer, and Dr. (Distributed December 22, 2014) --> MFA Alumni Make Their Mark with a Classic An upstart theater company formed by Brown/Trinity MFA alumni got a nod from the New York Times for its exuberant approach to a classic, Peer Gynt . The Immediate Family 's production is "confident and feisty," says the paper. (Distributed December 19, 2014) --> New Research Unlocks a Mystery of Albinism A team of Brown University biologists, including doctoral student Nicholas Bellono, has discovered the way in which a specific genetic mutation appears to lead to the lack of melanin production underlying a form of albinism. (Distributed December 16, 2014) --> Algorithm Identifies Networks of Genetic Changes Across Cancers Using a computer algorithm that can sift through mounds of genetic data, researchers from Brown have identified several networks of genes that, when hit by a mutation, could play a role in the development of multiple types of cancer. The research team includes doctoral students Hsin-Ta Wu and Alexandra Papoutsaki and master’s student Jonathan Eldridge, all in Computer Science, as well as associate professor of Computer Science, Ben Raphael. (Distributed December 11, 2014) --> More News Home About the Graduate School Academics Research Living Resources Financing Support Application Information For Graduate Students For Postdocs For Faculty and Staff Apply Fields of study View List + Brown University Resources Graduate School Handbook Academic and Student Conduct Codes CareerLAB Brown University Writing Center Sarah Doyle Women s Center Sheridan Center for Teaching Learning Top Destinations Orientation Admission Inquiry Form Five-Year Ph.D. Support Open Graduate Education External Funding Application Process International Applicants