Giving to Penn State - Home --> Penn State Penn State-Giving Contact Us Quick Links Choose site ... Home Ways to Give Checks, Credit, EFT Stocks, Bonds, Mutual Funds Plan Your Gift (Gift Planning site) Payroll Deduction Corporate Matching Gifts More Ways to Give Endowments Real Estate Gifts in Kind (Personal Property) Life Insurance Gift Business Interests Partnership Interests Retirement Plan Gift Pledges Charitable Remainder Trust Charitable Gift Annuity Charitable Lead Trust Retained Life Estate Bequest in Will or Living Trust Affiliate Group Fundraising Lion Line Telefund Future Funds Areas to Support Scholarships Undergraduate Student Support Graduate Student Support Student Life Faculty Faculty Support Graduate Student Support Research Colleges, Campuses, s Club Levels of Recognition Honor Roll Events President's Club Letter FAQs Golden Lion Society Awards Corporate Partner of the Year Fundraising Volunteer of the Year Philanthropists of the Year Media s Club Regional Reception at Berks Campaign Kick-Off Celebration Video Gallery Back to For the Future The Future Starts Now The Future Starts Here The Future Looks Great The Future Can't Wait The Future is Penn State Voices of Gratitude Back to For the Future : A Celebration of Support and Success 2013 Mount Nittany Society Dinner Videos Pushing Frontiers: The Faculty Investment 2012 Mount Nittany Society Event Videos Social Media Division of Development and Alumni Relations Documents Give Online Contact Us Development Leadership College and Campus Development Staff College Development Staff Campus Development Staff Development Staff for Programs and Other Units Central Administrative Offices Career Opportunities Current Career Opportunities Development Leadership Central Offices Summer Internship Program The Future Looks Great Students benefit from philanthropy during For the Future ​and beyond. Read the full story here. Gift from Business Executive Creates Nevins Democracy Leaders Program The program will provide education and ­training in transpartisan leadership skills. Read the full story here. Farrell Family Charitable Foundation Honors 2012 Nittany Lions with $1M Gift The gift will support the Football Excellence Fund in Intercollegiate Athletics. Read the full story here. This is a Headline Aliqui te dolore ea alit autatuer aliquam dolore digna aliquis niat, quat, velit praestisisit dolor sequat. This is a Headline Aliqui te dolore ea alit autatuer aliquam dolore digna aliquis niat, quat, velit praestisisit dolor sequat. This is a Headline Aliqui te dolore ea alit autatuer aliquam dolore digna aliquis niat, quat, velit praestisisit dolor sequat. --> RECENT NEWS Alumna's Bequest Targets Scholarships and THON for Support James and Susan Antoniono Make Leadership Gifts to Liberal Arts Pennsylvania Adult Learners to Benefit from Penn State Endowed Scholarship New Scholarship Memorializes Agricultural Educator and Alumnus Barron Opens Shaping the Future Summit with 'The Power of Money' Discussion Read more of the latest news . Events Some events are by invitation only . Please visit our events section for contact information. View more events . View slide shows from our past events ! Media Featured photo galleries: For the Future Campaign Closing Celebration ; President s Circle Evening of Art and Theatre Featured publications: For the Future campaign newsletter ; The Atherton Society Fact Sheet Featured videos: Mount Nittany Society Dinner Videos ; Pushing Frontiers, The Faculty Investment ; Ensuring Student Opportunity View additional videos, photos, publications, and social media ! Give Online Career Opportunities Interested in joining our team of professional staff? Learn more . Alumni Association The Penn State Alumni Association is the largest dues-paying alumni association in the world. Penn State Trivia In 2007, For the Future: The Campaign for Penn State Students set out with a goal of raising $2 billion in philanthropic support for students and faculty across Penn State s twenty-four campuses and Penn State World Campus. To date, how many donors have contributed to For the Future: The Campaign for Penn State Students ? A) 319,000 B) 200,150 C) 603,000 D) 625,060 Penn State Hotlines Career Opportunities Contact the Webmaster Privacy and Legal Statements Copyright Information The Pennsylvania State University 2014