photo_gallery Reflections of 2014: The year at Penn State in photographs 1418848560 1419014577 http://news.psu.edu/sites/default/files/styles/gss_thumbnail/public/Banner%20B.jpg 400 294 --> Reflections of 2014: The year at Penn State in photographs | Penn State University Skip to main content News Utility Menu Stay Connected For the Media Contact Us Search form Search News Penn State People Departments Penn State University News for: Students Visitors Neighbors Faculty Staff Business Industry Alumni News from: Campuses Colleges Sunday, December 28, 2014 Penn State News News Main Menu Home Research Academics Impact Campus Life Athletics Administration Arts and Entertainment Reflections of 2014: The year at Penn State in photographs Reflections of 2014: The year at Penn State in photographs Reflections of 2014: A gallery highlighting some memorable moments and significant events at Penn State over the past year. 2014-Year in review-Banner3 The Penn State Blue Band performing their traditional pregame show prior to a football game on a fall afternoon at Beaver Stadium. As 2014 comes to a close and we march forward to a new year we offer a gallery of photos reflecting memorable moments, events, traditions and people at Penn State from the past year. Image: Patrick Mansell 2014-Year in review-THON The 42nd Penn State Dance Marathon raised $13,343,517 in 2014. Through the years THON has raised more than $101 million to support children battling pediatric cancer and their families. Image: Laura Stocker Waldhier 2014-Year in review-President Barron Eric J. Barron became the 18th president of Penn State in May of 2014. Image: Patrick Mansell 2014-Year in review-Childrens Garden The Arboretum at Penn State opened the newly completed Children's Garden in 2014, a unique space for exploring nature, fostering wonder, and celebrating the plants, animals, and geography of central Pennsylvania. Image: Patrick Mansell 2014-Year in review-Anthropology Jonathan Hanna examined a mask worn in an ancient, Mexican Day of the Dead ceremony on display at the Matson Museum of Anthropology located in 208 Carpenter Building on Penn State's University Park campus. Visit http://anth.la.psu.edu/matsonmuseum for more information and museum hours. Image: Patrick Mansell 2014-Year in review-Pink zone The a cappella group 'The Statesmen' serenaded breast cancer survivors during halftime festivities at the 2014 Penn State Lady Lions Pink Zone basketball game at the Bryce Jordan Center. Image: Bill Zimmerman 2014-Year in review-wheelchair basketball Penn State's Office of Disability Services organized and hosted wheelchair basketball weekly at White Building on the University Park campus. Although the games were designed for disabled athletes to participate, anyone who wanted to experience the sport was welcome. Image: Patrick Mansell 2014-Year in review-Ag Progress Miniature horses were put through their paces on the first day of Penn State's 2014 Ag Progress Days at the Russell E. Larson Agricultural Center in Rock Springs, PA. Ag Progress Days were held Aug. 12 through 14. Image: Patrick Mansell 2014-Year in review-World Cup Madison Kejas, right, dressed in stars and stripes to watch the USA vs. Germany World Cup Soccer game in the lobby of the HUB-Robeson Center on the afternoon of June 26. Kejas, a junior at Penn State, was one of more than 300 fans watching the match on the big-screen television in the lobby of the HUB-Robeson Center. Image: Patrick Mansell 2014-Year in review-Lightning A lightning strike near Beaver Stadium was caught on camera by photographer Jacob Deflitch as a storm rolled into the valley on the evening of Sept. 30, 2014. Image: Jacob Deflitch 2014-Year in review-Special Olympics Penn State hosted the 45th annual Pennsylvania Special Olympics Summer Games in 2014. Special Olympian Ernie Roundtree, of Monroe County, lit the ceremonial 'Flame of Hope" during opening ceremonies with help from fellow athlete Joseph Gormley and Commander Scott Shubert of the Pittsburgh Police Department. Image: Patrick Mansell 2014-Year in review-Graduate A graduate makes her way from the Bryce Jordan Center following Penn State commencement ceremonies. Penn State awarded more than 20,000 diplomas to graduates in 2014. Image: Patrick Mansell 2014-Year in review-Croke Park Classic The Penn State Lionettes led the Blue Band through the streets of Dublin on August 28 during a pep rally held prior to the Croke Park Classic football game. Penn State defeated Central Florida 26-24. Image: Hannah Byrne 2014-Year in review-James Franklin James Franklin became the head football coach at Penn State in 2014 guiding the Nittany Lions to a 6-6 record and an invitation to the Pinstripe Bowl in Yankee Stadium on Dec. 27. Image: Cameron Hart 2014-Year in review-ROTC 9-11 A joint service detail of Penn State ROTC cadets raised the American flag during a ceremony to honor and remember the victims of the 9/11 attacks. Names of victims of the attacks at the Pentagon, the World Trade Center and Shanksville, PA were read aloud on the morning of Sept. 11 outside Wagner building on the University Park campus. Image: Patrick Mansell 2014-Year in review-Time Capsule A sorority beanie from 1956 was just one of many Penn State artifacts released from a time capsule found in the dedication block of Hibbs Hall on the University Park campus. The time capsule was sealed into the residence hall entry way in 1957 and was opened during a ceremony in July of 2014. Image: Patrick Mansell 2014-Year in review-Homecoming Queen Kenya Crawford reacts as the announcement is made that she had been named Penn State's 2014 Homecoming Queen during halftime festivities at Beaver Stadium on Sept. 27. Image: Patrick Mansell A celebration of the For the Future fundraising campaign A celebration was held April 12 in Eisenhower Auditorium as For the Future: The Campaign for Penn State Students surpassed its goal, raising $2.158 billion. Image: John Baranoski 2014-Year in review-Power plant Cutting torches were used to take down steel beams to support the removal of old boilers from Penn State's power plant in preparation for the facilities conversion to natural gas in 2014. Image: Patrick Mansell 2014-Year in review-Harvest Moon A Harvest Moon illuminated the evening sky above the fountain at the Arboretum at Penn State on a crisp October evening. Image: Patrick Mansell 2014-Year in review-Penn State Centre Stage Carrie A. (C.J.) Johnson, rehearsing a scene from the Penn State Centre Stage production of 'Into the Woods' at the Pavilion Theatre on the University Park campus.  Johnson portrayed the witch in the musical retelling of Grimm classics. Penn State's School of Theatre produced a variety of plays and musicals throughout 2014. Visit http://theatre.psu.edu/ for more information. Image: Patrick Mansell 2014-Year in review-Dr. Bundy Director of the Penn State Blue Band Dr. O. Richard Bundy announced his retirement, effective in June of 2015, after more than 30 years with the university. In addition to directing the Blue Band, he is director of the Concert Band, teaches courses in conducting, marching band techniques, instrumental music education, and band literature. Image: Patrick Mansell 2014-Year in review-Research Tony Jun Huang, professor of engineering science and mechanics at Penn State,  examines a chip that had been formed by acoustic waves in his Millennium Science Complex laboratory.  Research at Penn State provides students the opportunity to work with world-class faculty in labs, studios and in the field. Image: Patrick Mansell 2014-Year in review-White out A 'White Out' crowd welcomed the Nittany Lions onto the field at Beaver Stadium prior to the Ohio State game on the evening of Oct. 25. Image: Patrick Mansell Tags 2014 Review Share this gallery Tweet submit to reddit LinkedIn Submit this story to StumbleUpon Pin this story on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Email this gallery Print this gallery Popular Galleries Nittany Lions look slick in Pinstripe victory Fall 2014 commencement ceremonies at Penn State. Reflections of 2014: The year at Penn State in photographs Methane emissions road test Photojournalism students tell stories through images More Multimedia Photo Galleries Videos News for: Students Visitors Neighbors Faculty Staff Business Industry Alumni News by Topic Research Academics Global Campus Life Athletics Administration Arts and Entertainment News by Campus Abington Altoona Beaver Berks Brandywine DuBois Erie Fayette Great Valley Greater Allegheny Harrisburg Hazleton Hershey Lehigh Valley Mont Alto New Kensington Penn College Schuylkill Shenango University Park Wilkes-Barre World Campus Worthington Scranton York News By College Agricultural Sciences Arts and Architecture Communications Earth and Mineral Sciences Eberly College of Science Education Engineering Health and Human Development Information Sciences and Technology Liberal Arts Medicine Nursing Penn State Law Schreyer Honors College Smeal College of Business Stay Connected Email / Newswires Emergency Notifications / PSUTXT RSS Feeds For the Media Photo Galleries Videos Social Media Facebook Twitter YouTube Flickr LinkedIn Google+ Instagram Pinterest Top Contact Us Feedback Search 312 Old Main, University Park, Pennsylvania 16802 814-865-7517 Privacy Non-discrimination Equal Opportunity Accessibility Copyright The Pennsylvania State University 2014