news_homepage News 1404014460 1419791822 --> News | Penn State University Skip to main content News Utility Menu Stay Connected For the Media Contact Us Search form Search News Penn State People Departments Penn State University News for: Students Visitors Neighbors Faculty Staff Business Industry Alumni News from: Campuses Colleges Sunday, December 28, 2014 Penn State News News Main Menu Home Research Academics Impact Campus Life Athletics Administration Arts and Entertainment The year in review, in news and images: a look back at 2014 at Penn State In images and headlines, examine just a few of the notable moments of 2014. Read more Rolling lab tracks methane to its source How much comes from natural gas drilling? Read more A new you for the new year At Penn State, resources abound to help resolutions stick Read more Cyber Santa Video magic connects young patients with St. Nick Read more The year in review, in news and images: a look back at ... Rolling lab tracks methane to its source A new you for the new year Cyber Santa News Top News Top news RSS feed Academics Penn State Behrend students develop online marketplace Thanks to a new student-developed website, members of the Penn State Behrend community are able to log online and exchange or purchase relevant textbooks, appliances, furniture and school supplies. The site, titled StudentTrade.net, also allows property owners to post and update student rentals. Arts and Entertainment An enigmatic career: Math alum is Wall Street Journal s puzzle guru Penn State math alumnus Mike Shenk's love of puzzles has led him to become the crossword editor for The Wall Street Journal. Academics Nursing students from Sweden bring global perspective to University Park Two students who studied in the College of Nursing through Penn State's exchange program with the University of Jönköping point out similarities as well as differences between the two countries. Academics Q A: World Campus graduates The Penn State World Campus Alumni Society recently formed, allowing graduates to connect, and perhaps meet for the first time. More Top News Around Campus Penn State defeated Boston College in dramatic fashion with a 31-30 overtime win in the 2014 Pinstripe Bowl at Yankee Stadium. See more photos Reflections of 2014: A gallery highlighting some memorable moments and significant events at Penn State over the past year. See more photos A gallery of photos from commencement ceremonies held Dec. 20 at Penn State's Bryce Jordan Center. Congratulations to all of Penn State's fall 2014 graduates. See more photos Photojournalism students in Penn State's College of Communications share some of their photo-essay images from the fall semester. See more photos Penn State students displayed a variety of innovative design solutions at the 2014 College of Engineering Showcase on December 11 at the Bryce Jordan Center. See more photos Penn State advanced to the NCAA Women's Volleyball Tournament regional semifinal for the 12th consecutive year with a dominating 3-0 sweep of Dayton on December 6. See more photos Penn State seniors Soufieh Hakimzadeh and Ben Colasante took a relaxation break while studying for finals at Pattee-Paterno Library on Dec. 13. View photo The Black Graduate Student Association hosted the 15th annual Kwanzaa Extravaganza on Dec. 6 in the HUB-Robeson Center's Heritage Hall. See more photos A game day gallery of special festivities to say goodbye and thank you to several who have honorably represented the pride and tradition of Penn State. See more photos Julie Long, a senior at Penn State majoring in Biobehavioral Health (BBH), reviewed notes for an exam in the Humanities Reading Room at the Pattee-Paterno Library on the morning of November 21. View photo Emily Hurley, a Raptor Center intern at Shaver's Creek Environmental Center, confidently exhibited a Great Horned Owl on the morning of October 22. View photo Social Media PennState Congratulations once again to all the members of the ‪#‎PennStateFamily‬ who received degrees this weekend! Check out the photos shared with using ‪#‎PSUgrad‬ at http://bit.ly/16zarCk penn_state @penn_state Follow @penn_state . @PennStateVBALL won the program's 2nd consecutive national title, 6th in 8 years and record 7th overall! pic.twitter.com/9Nt5AuIjrA 0 sec ago. Reply Retweet Favorite Other Voices Joy to the Packaging People Modern history professor Gary Cross writes in the New York Times about humanity's historical affinity for how we package and wrap consumer goods. from: New York Times Colin Firth the neuroscientist? College of Medicine neuroscience doctoral candidate Jordan Gaines explores ethical dilemmas in science authorship. from: The Conversation Media Highlights Campus Technology: An easy button for video production At Penn State, students and faculty can record high-quality video with the push of a single button by using the One Button Studio. The New York Times' The New Old Age blog: Questionable remedies for eye disease Penn State Hershey ophthalmologist Ingrid Scott and her colleagues recently reviewed eye-health supplement ingredients and found reasons to proceed with caution. Campus Technology: What to change about teaching and learning in 2015 Kyle Bowen, director of Education Technology Services, is a leader in technology development for the enhancement of teaching and learning and shared his insights. More Research news Research RSS feed Light-emitting e-readers detrimentally shift circadian clock You may think your e-reader is helping you get to sleep at night, but it might actually be harming your quality of sleep, according to researchers. Research Penn State seeking photos for magazine feature Mind the gap between atomically thin materials Fragile bones of modern humans result from reduced physical activity Acoustic tweezers manipulate cell-to-cell contact More Academics news Academics RSS feed Big data may be fashion industry s next must-have accessory Big data may be the next new thing to hit the fashion industry's runways, according to a team of researchers. Penn State Behrend students develop online marketplace Brandywine senior interns at legendary Los Alamos laboratory Nursing students from Sweden bring global perspective to University Park Q A: World Campus graduates More Impact news Impact RSS feed Hazleton professor creates online presence for immigrants’ voices This semester, an oral history project at Penn State Hazleton has taken local immigrants’ stories to a website through Sites at Penn State in an attempt to educate and bridge divides within the community. Fragile bones of modern humans result from reduced physical activity Acoustic tweezers manipulate cell-to-cell contact Light-emitting e-readers detrimentally shift circadian clock First Penn State online MHA program students to graduate Dec. 20 More Campus Life news Campus Life RSS feed Farm Show visitors to learn gardening from the masters If you enjoy gardening and then preserving the fruits of your labor for consumption year-round, you may want to visit the Penn State College of Agricultural Sciences exhibit at the Pennsylvania Farm Show, Jan. 10-17 in Harrisburg. The college will offer a series of daily presentations, many featuring the expertise of Penn State Master Gardeners, who will offer tips and advice for maximizing the productivity of vegetable and flower gardens. State College ranked second-best college town in U.S. for affordability MLK Commemoration celebrates King s legacy; features keynote speaker Dyson Black to appear on Higher Education in Focus Energy conservation urged over holiday break More Athletics news Athletics RSS feed Penn State s 16 pre-bowl graduates puts team in top 10 percent among FBS schools Sixteen members of the Penn State football team have earned their degrees entering the 2014-15 bowl season to rank in the top 10 percent among all Football Bowl Subdivision institutions. Several Nittany Lions earn additional All-Big Ten, All-America accolades Penn State women s volleyball: national champions Penn State women s volleyball team wins seventh NCAA title Twenty-seven student-athletes receiving diplomas at fall commencement More Administration news Administration RSS feed Committee approves proposed acquisition of St. Joseph Regional Health Network Penn State's Board of Trustees Committee on Finance, Business and Capital Planning today approved a proposal for Penn State Health to acquire Berks County, Pa.-based St. Joseph Regional Health Network. It is anticipated that the Penn State Board of Trustees will consider a motion to approve at its Jan. 16, 2015, meeting. Upholding the promise of confidentiality: why it s the right thing to do Public comment period at Board meetings to be moved starting in January Sexual assault, harassment task force work is nearing completion Pennsylvania Agronomic Education Society creates Trustee Matching Scholarship More Arts and Entertainment news Arts and Entertainment RSS feed An enigmatic career: Math alum is Wall Street Journal s puzzle guru Penn State math alumnus Mike Shenk's love of puzzles has led him to become the crossword editor for The Wall Street Journal. More than 200 attend annual holiday concert at Penn State Beaver Erie chamber music series lauded for Adventurous Programming School of Theatre professor relishes role in Golden Globe-nominated Boyhood Bennett Family Center Carolers News for: Students Visitors Neighbors Faculty Staff Business Industry Alumni News by Topic Research Academics Global Campus Life Athletics Administration Arts and Entertainment News by Campus Abington Altoona Beaver Berks Brandywine DuBois Erie Fayette Great Valley Greater Allegheny Harrisburg Hazleton Hershey Lehigh Valley Mont Alto New Kensington Penn College Schuylkill Shenango University Park Wilkes-Barre World Campus Worthington Scranton York News By College Agricultural Sciences Arts and Architecture Communications Earth and Mineral Sciences Eberly College of Science Education Engineering Health and Human Development Information Sciences and Technology Liberal Arts Medicine Nursing Penn State Law Schreyer Honors College Smeal College of Business Stay Connected Email / Newswires Emergency Notifications / PSUTXT RSS Feeds For the Media Photo Galleries Videos Social Media Facebook Twitter YouTube Flickr LinkedIn Google+ Instagram Pinterest Top Contact Us Feedback Search 312 Old Main, University Park, Pennsylvania 16802 814-865-7517 Privacy Non-discrimination Equal Opportunity Accessibility Copyright The Pennsylvania State University 2014