landing_page Admission 1359060540 1410352326 --> Penn State Admission Skip to main content President Find a Campus Calendars Apply now Give now Search form Search Penn State People Departments Penn State University Audience Menu Prospective Students Visitors Neighbors Current Students Business Industry Alumni Faculty Staff Main menu This is Penn State Academics Admission Tuition Financial Aid Global Research Athletics Healthcare Admission Admission Click below on the study area you're interested in and learn how to apply. Our students learn from classes, internships, research, and more, graduating workforce ready. Undergraduate Choose from more than 160 baccalaureate majors and more than 20 associate majors. Graduate Learn from award-winning faculty through extraordinary opportunities for research and teaching. Online Sign up for one of our 90-plus online programs taught by world-renowned faculty. Law Join us as we delve into the diversity of the legal system through our rigorous programs. Medicine Future generations of medical students are learning to heal and cure at Penn State College of Medicine. Continuing Education In our economy, many professionals are returning to school to add to their knowledge and skills. Quick Links Apply Now Parents Families Tuition Financial Aid Visit Penn State Dates Deadlines Campus Safety Security More Resources Education Abroad Division of Undergraduate Studies Schreyer Honors College Residency Information Student Code of Conduct See also Undergraduate Transfer Students International Students Disability Services Graduate Transfer Students Veterans Programs Adult Learners ROTC Penn State News Penn State News Feed Select a Topic Select a Topic Academics Administration Arts and Entertainment Athletics Campus Life Impact Research Academics Thanks to a new student-developed website, members of the Penn State Behrend community are able to log online and exchange or purchase relevant textbooks, appliances, furniture and school supplies. The site, titled StudentTrade.net, also allows property owners to post and update student rentals. Arts and Entertainment Penn State math alumnus Mike Shenk's love of puzzles has led him to become the crossword editor for The Wall Street Journal. Penn State Teaching students to be leaders with a global perspective. Conducting research that improves lives. Contributing millions to the economy and sharing expertise. Progress Hotlines Blog Apply Now Give Now All campuses Select a campus Select a campus... Abington Altoona Beaver Berks Brandywine DuBois Erie Fayette Great Valley Greater Allegheny Harrisburg Hazleton Hershey Lehigh Valley Mont Alto New Kensington Penn College Schuylkill Shenango University Park Wilkes-Barre World Campus Worthington Scranton York All colleges Select a college Select a college... Agricultural Sciences Arts and Architecture Communications Earth and Mineral Sciences Eberly College of Science Education Engineering Health and Human Development Information Sciences and Technology Liberal Arts Medicine Nursing Penn State Law Schreyer Honors College Smeal College of Business Super Footer Main This is Penn State Leadership and Mission Penn State in Pennsylvania Our History Rankings Fact Book Presidential Search Admission Undergraduate Admission Graduate Admission Law School Medical School Continuing Education Penn State Online Research Vice President for Research Research Capabilities Technology Transfer Interdisciplinary Research Student Opportunites Prospective Students and Families Current Students Faculty Staff Alumni Business Industry Visitors Neighbors Academics Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Study Abroad Penn State Online Libraries Tuition and Financial Aid Tuition Calculator Tuition and Fees Financial Aid Global University Office of Global Programs International Students Global Penn State Study Abroad Athletics Healthcare University Health Services Find a Physician College of Medicine College of Health and Human Development College of Nursing Connect with Us Facebook Twitter YouTube Flickr LinkedIn Google+ Instagram Pinterest Employment Maps Feedback Contact Us Search 201 Old Main, University Park, Pennsylvania 16802 814-865-4700 Privacy Non-discrimination Equal Opportunity Accessibility Copyright The Pennsylvania State University 2014 Top