homepage PSU Homepage 1355851500 1419279872 --> Penn State-A Public Research University Serving Pennsylvania and the Global Community Skip to main content President Find a Campus Calendars Apply now Give now Search form Search Penn State People Departments Penn State University Audience Menu Prospective Students Visitors Neighbors Current Students Business Industry Alumni Faculty Staff Main menu This is Penn State Academics Admission Tuition Financial Aid Global Research Athletics Healthcare PSU Homepage Featured article rotator Holiday Greetings! VIDEO: No matter where you are this holiday season, your #PennStateFamily is thinking of you. Read more Creative Directions These two Penn State College of Communications alumni are using their skills in film and video production to power the in-house advertising and marketing department of billion-dollar premier fashion company JustFab. Read more The Fight Starts Here VIDEO: What began twelve years ago as a Penn State football team effort to support one teammate as his father struggled with kidney cancer is now a national college football effort to raise funds to fight rare diseases. Read more Raise One Final Song After more than thirty years with the Penn State Blue Band, Director O. Richard Bundy prepares for his halftime finale. Bundy plans to retire in May 2015. Read more Exploring China From the old to the new, China is full of engineering marvels. This College of Engineering course immerses students in the culture and history behind the country's famous sites. Read more Penn State News Penn State News Feed Select a Topic Select a Topic Academics Administration Arts and Entertainment Athletics Campus Life Impact Research Campus Life Young Professionals find their voice in making Penn State stronger Since 2012, the Penn State Young Professionals group has been building community among young employees at the University. Now the organization has set its sights on empowering up-and-coming members of the staff to grow in their positions and strengthen the University. Athletics Penn State women s volleyball team wins seventh NCAA title The Penn State women's volleyball team captured its seventh national championship on Saturday, Dec. 20, sweeping BYU in straight sets (25-21, 26-24, 25-14) at Chesapeake Arena in Oklahoma City, Okla. Claiming the title in six of the last eight years, the Nittany Lions now have more national championship than any other women's volleyball program in history. Reflections of 2014: The year at Penn State in photographs Arts and Entertainment Three Penn State Musical Theatre alumni currently starring on Broadway With the recent announcement that Penn State Musical Theatre alumna Caroline Bowman (’10) would take over the starring role of Elphaba in Broadway’s Wicked starting December 16, Penn State has three Musical Theatre B.F.A. alumni performing in leading roles on Broadway. Matthew Hydzik (’03) is currently playing Buddy in Side Show, and Carly Hughes (’04) is performing the role of Leading Player in Pippin. Santa Conducting the Trombone Choir Go to video All Penn State Social Media PennState NATIONAL CHAMPIONS ONCE AGAIN! Penn State Women s Volleyball sweeps BYU to claim a second consecutive title, sixth in eight years and record seventh overall! http://on.fb.me/1zpSDWf penn_state @penn_state Follow @penn_state Year in Review: Some of our best most notable images of 2014. See more: bit.ly/1zcjAYe pic.twitter.com/Ol6o8yWxPc 0 sec ago. Reply Retweet Favorite PSUBrandywine @PSUBrandywine Follow @PSUBrandywine Congrats Class of 2014! Dear Old State #psugrad #BrandywineProud instagram.com/p/wy44P5m8ow/ 0 sec ago. Reply Retweet Favorite Penn State Teaching students to be leaders with a global perspective. Conducting research that improves lives. Contributing millions to the economy and sharing expertise. Progress Hotlines Blog Apply Now Give Now All campuses Select a campus Select a campus... Abington Altoona Beaver Berks Brandywine DuBois Erie Fayette Great Valley Greater Allegheny Harrisburg Hazleton Hershey Lehigh Valley Mont Alto New Kensington Penn College Schuylkill Shenango University Park Wilkes-Barre World Campus Worthington Scranton York All colleges Select a college Select a college... Agricultural Sciences Arts and Architecture Communications Earth and Mineral Sciences Eberly College of Science Education Engineering Health and Human Development Information Sciences and Technology Liberal Arts Medicine Nursing Penn State Law Schreyer Honors College Smeal College of Business Super Footer Main This is Penn State Leadership and Mission Penn State in Pennsylvania Our History Rankings Fact Book Presidential Search Admission Undergraduate Admission Graduate Admission Law School Medical School Continuing Education Penn State Online Research Vice President for Research Research Capabilities Technology Transfer Interdisciplinary Research Student Opportunites Prospective Students and Families Current Students Faculty Staff Alumni Business Industry Visitors Neighbors Academics Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Study Abroad Penn State Online Libraries Tuition and Financial Aid Tuition Calculator Tuition and Fees Financial Aid Global University Office of Global Programs International Students Global Penn State Study Abroad Athletics Healthcare University Health Services Find a Physician College of Medicine College of Health and Human Development College of Nursing Connect with Us Facebook Twitter YouTube Flickr LinkedIn Google+ Instagram Pinterest Employment Maps Feedback Contact Us Search 201 Old Main, University Park, Pennsylvania 16802 814-865-4700 Privacy Non-discrimination Equal Opportunity Accessibility Copyright The Pennsylvania State University 2014 Top