Home | UCI Students Alumni Faculty Staff Parents Orange County 56 University of California, Irvine Search | About Overview Distinctions Campus Data Strategic Plan Spotlights on Innovation Chancellor Peter the Anteater Diversity Administration Academic Senate Directory Visit UC Irvine Work at UC Irvine Support UC Irvine Admissions Undergraduate Admission Graduate Admission Business Law Medicine Undergraduate International Admissions Graduate International Admissions Financial Aid Housing Academics General Catalogue Majors Minors Schedule of Classes Undecided/Undeclared Division of Undergraduate Education Graduate Division Undergraduate Research Libraries Study Abroad Center Summer Session University Extension Academic Calendars Academic Senate Research Office of Research Office of Technology Alliances All Research Centers Units Faculty Profile Undergraduate Research UCOP Office of Research Post-Doc Graduate Research Community Arts Athletics K-12 Programs Campus Events Calendar Student Center Event Services Hospital Medical Services Clinical Trials Home Hazy road to Mecca Severe air pollution spikes during annual pilgrimage, UCI and other researchers find Carbon monoxide level 300 times normal was detected in city tunnel crowded with pedestrians and vehicles. A sense for biosensors Weian Zhao has created a device that dramatically improves detection of bacterial and viral invaders in blood samples Speedy, highly sensitive and accurate platform technology could be used to diagnose early-stage cancers, HIV and Ebola. A place on the world stage Founding faculty member Robert Cohen has played a dramatic role in shaping UCI arts Arriving fresh out of Yale School of Drama doctoral program, he took only a few weeks to decide he was at UCI to stay. Ahead of the curve President Obama s commencement appearance highlights pivotal year for UCI 2014 brought a new chancellor, numerous academic initiatives, one of the largest cohorts of faculty recruits, a record 82,615 fall applicants, a student population exceeding 30,000, and the kickoff of the campus s 50th anniversary celebration. How to keep the ‘happy’ in the holidays UCI psychiatrist Jody Rawles says the key to reducing seasonal stress is setting realistic expectations Proactive measures can help ward off depression, anxiety, loneliness, overindulgence and sadness. Highlights News Minimum wage increases result in job loss, UCI-led study reaffirms UCI student-athletes deliver cheer with Teddy Bear Toy Drive Felipe Hernandez 13 named Marshall Scholar, one of only 40 nationwide More news Events Dec. 31: Men s Basketball. UCI vs. Hampden-Sydney Jan. 4: Women s Basketball. UCI vs. Concordia Jan. 5: Extension. Paralegal: A Night of Mentorship More events Visit UC Irvine Campus Maps Driving Directions Parking Campus Tours Visitor Center Experience Arts Athletics Events Support UC Irvine UCI December Challenge The December Challenge DOUBLES the impact of your gift, but only until Dec. 31! Read more Donate now Facebook Twitter YouTube Pinterest Google+ UCI Gmail Webmail EEE Employment Emergency Preparedness Disability Services Office of the Chancellor University of California Feedback Privacy Policy Media Inquiries Accreditation Information © 2014 UC Regents University of California, Irvine Irvine, CA 92697 949-824-5011