Free Events Legacy Browser Detected: This site supports Internet Explorer 9 (and up), Chrome, Firefox, iOS browsers, Android browsers and several others. If you're using IE8 or earlier we recommend installing Firefox , Chrome or the latest version of Internet Explorer or visit using a tablet or mobile device. (Microsoft does not offer IE 9 for Windows XP and is discontinuing support for XP this summer) UC Irvine Extension | unex-services@uci.edu | (949) 824-5414 Courses Course Search Browse by Topic Online Courses New Courses Access UCI Certificates Business, Management Live Help Contact Us Search COURSES Course Search Browse by Topic Online Courses New Courses Access UCI Overview Registration Availability/Eligibility Online Classes Academic Calendar General Information Financial Assistance More Information CERTIFICATES Business, Management Leadership Advanced Project Management Agile Project Management Business Administration Business Analyst Business Process Optimization CFP Review Course Contract Management E-Learning Instructional Design Human Resources Internet Marketing Language Courses Legal Risk Management Marketing Communications Meeting Event Management Organizational Leadership Communication Personal Financial Planning Personal Financial Planning Accelerated Project Management Six Sigma Lean Social Media Spa and Hospitality Strategic Leadership Development Education Clear Administrative Services Credential Gifted and Talented Education Independent Educational Consultant Montessori Teacher Education Program Preliminary Administrative Services Credential Reading Certificate TEFL TESL Virtual Teacher Series on Coursera Engineering Communications Systems Engineering Device Software Engineering DSP Systems Engineering Embedded Systems Engineering Optical Engineering Optical Instrument Design Systems Engineering Environment Facilities Environmental Management Facilities Management Information Technologies Agile Project Management Business Intelligence Data Warehousing Data Science Database Management Enterprise Development Using Java Technologies Information Systems Security IT Certifications Java Programming Linux Microsoft .NET Mobile Application Development Oracle Application Development Oracle Database Administration Predictive Analytics Search Engine Optimization (SEO) Web Design and Development Web Intelligence Law Paralegal Legal and Forensic Psychology Public Policy Making Academy Life Sciences Clinical Research Clinical Laboratory Science/Medical Technology (CLS/MT) Training Program Clinical Trials: Medical Device and Drug Development Comparative Effectiveness Research and Evidence Based Medicine Medical Product Development Regulatory Affairs Management Sustainability Studies Sustainable Solutions Practices Decision Making for Climate Change INTERNATIONAL COMMUNITY RESOURCES Career Resources Corporate Training OLLI at UCI UCI OpenCourseWare STUDENT SERVICES Registration General Information Enrollment FAQ Online Enrollment FAQ Payment Methods Late Registration UCI Parking Policy Waiting List Policy Drops and Refunds Grade Option Textbooks Free Events Upcoming Free Events On Demand Instructions FAQ Academic Information Academic Calendar Accreditation Course Numbers/Letters Credits and Grades Religious Accommodation and Observance Retention of Student Records Transcripts Transfer Credit Campus Resources Anteater Recreation Center UCI Bookstore UCI Campus Assistance UCI Disability Services UCI Libraries UCI Human Resources UCI Campus Police Financial Information Discounts AmeriCorps Service Voucher Student Loan Programs Tax Information Trade Adjustment Assistance (TAA) Veterans Benefits Workforce Investment Act (WIA) Legal Information Privacy Policy Disabled Students Non-discrimination Schedule Changes Sexual Harassment Student Conduct FERPA (Student Records) Contact Us Catalog Information Request Questions Comments Academic Departments Academic Services Administrative Officers Locations Directions Meet Our Instructors Other UC Extensions ABOUT About Us Dean Gary Matkin Press Releases Meet Our Instructors We haven't noticed any activity for minutes. Would you like to refresh your session? Time remaining: Your session has timed out. Would you like to restart your session? Free Events Upcoming Events On Demand Instructions FAQ Home Free Events ID # Title Time/Place Register 00766 Paralegal: A Night of Mentorship Monday, January 5, 2015 As you explore a new career or legal area as a paralegal, we’d like to invite you to join our panel of seasoned paralegals to learn more about their careers and experiences that led them to where they are today. At this event, you will be able to ask the questions and have robust discussions with each of our panelists as you rotate through different roundtables. Registrations are limited and on a first-come, first-served basis. 6:00PM - 8:00PM (PST) UCI Student Center PBC 00349 Teaching English Abroad Information Session Thursday, January 15, 2015 Teaching English Abroad Information Session Teaching can be an amazing adventure and bring invaluable life experience, but there are many things to consider before finding the right job, adjusting to a new country, and developing a connection with your students. Receive tips that you should consider before you leave the U.S. and while you are teaching abroad. 4:00PM - 5:00PM (PST) University Extension Building B 107 00348 Teaching English Abroad Information Session Friday, January 16, 2015 Teaching English Abroad Information Session Teaching can be an amazing adventure and bring invaluable life experience, but there are many things to consider before finding the right job, adjusting to a new country, and developing a connection with your students. Receive tips that you should consider before you leave the U.S. and while you are teaching abroad. 3:30PM - 4:30PM (PST) Information s fully online Independent Educational Consultant Certificate Program. 11:00AM - 12:00PM (PST) uci.webex.com 00288 Motivating the Gifted but Reluctant Learner Tuesday, February 3, 2015 Not all gifted learners are productive students. Some gifted students establish a perplexing pattern of doing well or doing nothing. Some are reluctant, even resistant, learners refusing to play the school game. This session explores well-documented research on underlying causes of low performance and creates distinctions between non-producers, selective producers and underachievers amongst the gifted populations. Participants are guided through a process for diagnosing specific performance issues. 4:00PM - 5:00PM (PST) uci.webex.com 00289 Connecting Thinking and Language with Gifted Students: Elevating the Rigor Tuesday, February 10, 2015 This session will show teachers how elevating the thinking demands on students directly aligns with an increase in complexity of academic language. Participants will learn how to promote high-level thinking through discussions and, in turn, identify the academic language required to participate fully in class. A focus on understanding academic language concretely will guide participants to see the thinking and language connection. 4:00PM - 5:00PM (PST) uci.webex.com 00653 Visual Themes for eLearning and Slides Thursday, February 12, 2015 Get ready for creative inspiration. Be prepared to expand your horizons. Please join UC Irvine Extension in welcoming Connie Malamed (a.k.a. The eLearning Coach) to explore the components of visual design and how to use these elements to create exciting visual themes or styles. We ll look at visual design trends, break down a number of different styles, and discuss the characteristics of each. Then, we ll analyze the underlying message that the style communicates. The visual theme you select should meet the needs of your audience, your content, and your instructional and messaging goals. Whether you create the graphics yourself, work with a graphic designer, or manage a team, it pays to have a visual style as your framework. You don t need any graphic skills to gain new insights and to benefit from this session. This webinar will include pre-registration advisement for individuals interested in UC Irvine Extension s fully online E-Learning Instructional Design Certificate Program. 11:00AM - 12:00PM (PST) uci.webex.com 00290 iTools of Rigor and Creativity: Supporting the Gifted Learner Tuesday, February 17, 2015 Technology is the means to put the onus of learning squarely in the hands of students. In a 1:1 iPad environment, students can chart their own pathway to learning that supports CCSS, 21st century skills, and digital literacy. Various iPad apps and corresponding lessons will be featured that support creativity, critical thinking, and rigor in the classroom. 4:00PM - 5:00PM (PST) uci.webex.com 00350 Teaching English Abroad Information Session Thursday, February 19, 2015 Teaching English Abroad Information Session Teaching can be an amazing adventure and bring invaluable life experience, but there are many things to consider before finding the right job, adjusting to a new country, and developing a connection with your students. Receive tips that you should consider before you leave the U.S. and while you are teaching abroad. 4:00PM - 5:00PM (PST) University Extension Building B 107 00351 Teaching English Abroad Information Session Friday, February 20, 2015 Teaching English Abroad Information Session Teaching can be an amazing adventure and bring invaluable life experience, but there are many things to consider before finding the right job, adjusting to a new country, and developing a connection with your students. Receive tips that you should consider before you leave the U.S. and while you are teaching abroad. 3:30PM - 4:30PM (PST) University Extension Building B 107 00291 Building Collaboration with Parents of Gifted Students Tuesday, February 24, 2015 Research shows that parent involvement in education is one of the greatest predictors of student success in the classroom. Parents of gifted students are often overwhelmed by the identification, placement and education process their children experience. This session will identify key tenants of a successful district and parent partnership, strong classroom relationships and parental understanding of what it truly means to have a gifted child in today’s rigorous learning environment. 4:00PM - 5:00PM (PST) uci.webex.com 00352 Teaching English Abroad Information Session Thursday, March 12, 2015 Teaching English Abroad Information Session Teaching can be an amazing adventure and bring invaluable life experience, but there are many things to consider before finding the right job, adjusting to a new country, and developing a connection with your students. Receive tips that you should consider before you leave the U.S. and while you are teaching abroad. 4:00PM - 5:00PM (PST) University Extension Building B 107 00353 Teaching English Abroad Information Session Friday, March 13, 2015 Teaching English Abroad Information Session Teaching can be an amazing adventure and bring invaluable life experience, but there are many things to consider before finding the right job, adjusting to a new country, and developing a connection with your students. Receive tips that you should consider before you leave the U.S. and while you are teaching abroad. 3:30PM - 4:30PM (PST) University Extension Building B 107 All times listed are in Pacific Standard Time (PST = GMT-8:00) (2015, Winter) Helpful Links Directions to UC Irvine Extension Campus Map Preferred Visitor Parking UC Irvine Extension PO Box 6050 Irvine, CA 92616 Student Services (949) 824-5414 Directions Sitemap Corporate Training International Programs Instructor Hiring Policies Summer Session 2014 UC Regents All Rights Reserved Privacy Policy My Account Login Email Password Reset Password Create New Account