Duke Admissions The Education The Experience The Setting Applying search Links Mailing List Visit 5th largest research university in the nation More Stats Educational Philosophy Majors, Minors Schools Academic Environment Academic Opportunities Academic Value 70% of classes enroll fewer than 19 More Stats Academic Excellence Personal Engagement Culture of Champions Inspired Ambition The First Year Forever Duke Ready to Visit? Start Here Watch Campus Tour Book a Visit View Interactive 3D Campus Map The Campus Plan a Trip Things To Do Durham The Region Duke in the World Ready to Apply? Get Started Common Application Universal Application Application Overview Checklist Deadlines Application Instructions Cost Financial Aid Early Regular Decision Duke Accepts 815 Early Decision Applicants We are excited to welcome the first talented and engaged members of the class of 2019 to the university. The deadline for Regular Decision applicants is January 1. Decisions, Decisions Do you think you act logically about spending money, choosing food, staying healthy and making other decisions? This fun, five-question quiz may change your mind. Admissions Advice Duke Dean of Admissions Christoph Guttentag appeared on the Today Show to offer advice to college applicants. Bass Connections Learn about Bass Connections, one of Duke's newest university-wide programs channeling our culture of collaboration, ambitious spirit, and creativity in applying classroom learning to global problems. What's Your Forever? For our graduates, it's Forever Duke. Hear alumni discuss the things that drive them and the ways Duke helped them discover and develop their abiding passions. Where in the World are Duke Scholars? More than 50 percent of Duke undergraduates have a significant international experience during their time at Duke. Learn about Duke's extensive opportunties and support for study and service across the globe. The Week at Duke in 60 Seconds Every week, Duke students sum up campus news in a minute. Hear about special events, breaking research and more. Page 1 Page 2 Page 3 Page 4 Page 5 Page 6 Page 7 The Duke Philosophy: Access and Flexibility. Scholarly Pursuit We guide our students to find their own academic paths by helping them to reason, analyze and understand in unprecedented ways. The undergraduate experience at Duke is characterized by a spirit of academic energy, exploration and challenge. Influenced Study We are a research university with resources to connect undergraduate education to the processes of inquiry and discovery. Duke students explore ideas by collaborating directly with our exceptional faculty in a program of study that focuses on interdisciplinary exploration. Engaged Immersion A student s education doesn t end at the classroom door. We provide an incredible variety of opportunities for students to enhance and supplement in-class learning with hands-on experiences, service in the community both locally and globally and development of leadership skills. Read Our Student Blogs. Nadine Goldberg Junior Nadia Estelle-Fiat Senior, Cultural Anthropology Clive Mudanda Junior Sarah Haas Senior, Cultural Anthropology Undergraduate bloggers give you a window into real life at Duke. Our numbers show how we make everything available to our undergraduates... 8:1 student/faculty ratio 50% of undergraduates participate in faculty research 70% of classes have fewer than 19 students 200+ domestic and international learning opportunities Join a Culture of Champions Through Scholarship We view education not only as a gateway to personal development, but also as a pathway for improving society. Through Faculty Within the ranks of Duke's 2,500+ faculty are scholars of national and international prominence in every area of academic study. Through Athletics Our athletes play because they love the game, they love their teammates and they love to represent the Blue Devils. Becca Ward Olympian 3-Time NCAA Fencing Champion Running Interference in Africa: #Duke Football s offensive line builds water wells in Ethiopia. VIDEO Our students pursuit of global involvement is not just so the world can be affected by Duke, but so we can be confronted , affected and challenged in return . DukeEngage Family Health Ministries, Haiti "Duke is a place of amazing abundance." This is President Brodhead . Here's what he has to say. To turn Duke opportunities into your personal strengths, you have to want them, reach out to them, and actively incorporate them into your life. It’s your choice, but it matters what you do. A great university is a scene of constant combustion, where energies of intelligence and creativity are released in a bonfire no marshal could hope to contain. Like the Olympics, Duke is a community dedicated to the highest realization of human powers. Walk Ten Thousand Miles, Read Ten Thousand Books Baccalaureate Address, 2010 Graduation - Wisdom From Duke Commencement, 2009 Lessons In Leadership with Coach K "The Duke Idea," May 2012 Duke Students: Who Are They Christoph Guttentag Dean of Admissions, 2010 Academic Excellence Personal Engagement Culture of Champions Inspired Ambition The First Year Forever Duke Close Map Book a Visit Apply Duke Admissions Quick Links Undergraduate Schools Trinity College of Arts Info For Parents Counselors Duke.edu Contact Search Connect Twitter Facebook Instagram YouTube