Admissions | Duke University School of Law Current Students Portal Outlook Sakai ACES Faculty Portal Outlook STORM Sakai Staff Portal Outlook Duke Today Duke@Work Alumni Portal Update Your Address Alumni Directory DAA Duke University School of Law Directory Calendar News Library Computing Visit Search form Search Admissions Juris Doctor International LLM SJD Law Entrepreneurship Judicial Studies Academics Academic Calendar Curriculum Registrar Summer Institutes Clinics Faculty Scholarship Faculty Directory Recent Scholarship VAP Centers Journals Student Life Student Affairs Public Interest Career Center Student Organizations LEAD About Administration Facilities ABA Required Disclosures Giving Durham Admissions The Duke Law JD is rigorous, innovative, and respected around the globe. Our courses and programs are designed to help you pursue your academic goals and prepare for success and leadership in the law and beyond. Your life as a lawyer starts now . Degree Programs Admissions Duke Law School is a community of lawyers. Some are in the earliest days of their careers; some are in the depths of intense study and research rooted in years of practice, teaching, and public service. When you arrive here, you become a colleague in an intensive and collaborative exploration of the law. We encourage and expect you to create your own adventure, to use the vast resources at your disposal to contribute to Duke Law, to the community, and to the legal profession. Plan a Visit Request a Brochure Recruitment Calendar --> Download the Viewbook The Duke Way is a combination of intellectual engagement at the highest level, a commitment to serving the common good, and extraordinary collaboration and collegiality that sets us apart from other law schools. We take scholarship, service, professionalism, and teaching seriously; but we try not to take ourselves too seriously . The Duke Way Public Interest at Duke Law 3 years, 2 degrees, 1 world We love Durham Academic Strengths Duke Law s curriculum is designed to be flexible, giving you the opportunity to design much of your course schedule to meet your intellectual and career goals. You ll find a vast selection of courses and opportunities to develop specialized expertise, with particularly strong concentrations of courses, programs and opportunities in the following areas: Constitutional and Public Law Criminal Law Environmental Law Human Rights Intellectual Property International and Comparative Law Law and Business Video Spotlight Duke Law School Video Tour Judicial Clerkships at Duke Law Degree Programs and Application Instructions Class Profile Tuition Financial Aid Transfers Meet our Students Contact Us ABA Required Disclosures Apply Now Candidates may begin submitting applications in September for the following year s entering class. The priority application deadline for Regular Decision is February 15. We will continue to accept applications after that date. Application information Frequently Asked Questions Application Status Please wait to receive the welcome email with your User Name and Password. Check your JD application status Check the Waitlist Related News Law 360 Huffington Post More News Why Duke Law? Curriculum Duke Law s curriculum begins with a slate of first-year courses designed to instill foundational knowledge in core concepts and strong legal writing and analytical skills. Upper level courses are designed to deepen your legal skills and strengthen your understanding of how the law informs and changes the world around us. Our goal is to provide you with the resources and tools you need to design your own curricular path a path that excites you, challenges you, and prepares you for success and leadership in the law. First-year curriculum Ad-hoc seminars Legal writing Dual Degrees Nearly 25 percent of Duke Law students choose to pursue a dual degree. The flagship JD/LLM offers both a JD and a Master of International and Comparative Law degree in just three years. With a similar schedule, you can participate in our new JD/LLM in Law and Entrepreneurship program. Or, pick from a long list of dual degree programs offered in partnership with other Duke University programs or other universities. JD/LLM JD/LLMLE Dual Degrees Clinics Clinical legal education at Duke Law centers on client representation and professional development in a firm-like setting. By participating in a clinic, you ll provide critically needed legal services to the community as you learn the practice of law. You ll interview witnesses, gather evidence, represent your clients in court, negotiate settlements, write memos and briefs, and begin to build your professional portfolio with the benefit of wise counsel from our top-notch clinical faculty. The Duke Legal Clinics More experiential learning --> Faculty Duke Law faculty value knowledge in the service of society. They tackle complex, real-world problems in the scholarship and teaching, they serve as government advisors and legal commentators, and they invite students to participate fully in their exploration of the law. They keep an open-door policy with students and an open-communication policy with far-flung alumni. Duke professors are colleagues, mentors, and friends to students during your time at Duke Law and long afterward. Faculty Scholarship Faculty profiles Centers Students Duke Law attracts students from around the world who are incredibly smart, insatiably curious, and committed to excellence. Through a wide variety of student organizations, nine journals, and a full slate of student-planned conference and events, Duke Law students contribute to an academic environment that values creativity, encourages collaboration, and stresses professional development. Student Life Journals Student Scholarship Global The practice of law is increasingly global. To help you prepare for an international practice, Duke Law offers a wide variety of programs, ranging from our signature JD/LLM in International and Comparative Law and summer employment opportunities around the globe to summer institutes in Geneva and Hong Kong and a full complement of courses in international law. International Law at Duke Summer Institutes Exchange Programs Careers Helping our students successfully launch their careers is a priority at Duke Law. Our Career Center is devoted to providing a full complement of resources and tools that will assist you in identifying the career that s right for you, staking out your goals and the steps needed to get you there, and connecting you to the mentors and employers that will get you started on your life in the law. Career Center Employment Statistics Career Paths Alumni Duke Law has approximately 9,500 alumni in every state in the country and in many countries around the world. Many return to campus each year, to recruit students, to provide advice, to teach, and, perhaps, to attend a basketball game. Duke Law alumni are leaders in every field and they offer a loyal and lifelong network that you ll call on long after you leave law school. Alumni Profiles Alumni News ESQ Diversity Diversity at Duke Law is more than a statement or a goal: it is part of our educational mission. We value diversity, in the broadest sense, because the law is a field and profession that must serve and protect all members of society. The educational experience of our students is demonstrably enriched by an exchange of ideas and experiences among students, faculty, staff, and alumni who contribute diverse perspectives. Diversity at Duke Law Nondiscrimination Policy Pro Bono Serving the community is a way of life at Duke Law. We view it as part of our responsibility as law students, lawyers, community leaders, and good citizens. Our Public Interest and Pro Bono Program, one of the oldest formal public interest programs in the country, you can participate in legal service programs, volunteer in the community, and take advantage of a range of tools that can help you launch a career in service. Public Interest Pro Bono Program PILF Careers Blueprint Leadership is a critical component of a Duke Law education and a fully engaged life in the law. Our Blueprint to LEAD outlines the values we think are critical for leadership, and we incorporate these ideals into our curriculum, programs and interactions with each other. By articulating these ideals and living them, by supporting and encouraging creativity, and by giving you the tools you need to accomplish your goals, we set you on course to achieve extraordinary things. Blueprint Ideals LEAD fellows Duke and Durham Duke Law is a great school at a great university in a great city. Durham is small enough that you will run into your professors at the grocery store yet big enough that you can take advantage of a full array of world-class arts and entertainment options, sporting events, and dining. Did we mention that the beautiful Carolina Coast is just two to three hours away? We love Durham Duke University De Novo --> Learn More Frequently Asked Questions About Duke Housing Non-Discrimination Policy The Duke Way Campus Safety , Offices Office of the Dean Academic Affairs Academic Technologies Administrative Services Admissions and Financial Aid Alumni and Development Career Center Communications Events Goodson Law Library International Studies Media Inquiries Public Interest Pro Bono Registrar Student Affairs Social Media Twitter Facebook LinkedIn iTunes --> Youtube --> Neil Clarke '88 & Alan Levine '88 describe the closeness of the Duke Law community Duke University Contact Accessibility Legal Referrals Website Feedback Make a Gift -->