Plan a Trip - Duke Admissions The Education The Experience The Setting Applying search Links Mailing List Visit 5th largest research university in the nation More Stats Educational Philosophy Majors, Minors Schools Academic Environment Academic Opportunities Academic Value 70% of classes enroll fewer than 19 More Stats Academic Excellence Personal Engagement Culture of Champions Inspired Ambition The First Year Forever Duke Ready to Visit? Start Here Watch Campus Tour Book a Visit View Interactive 3D Campus Map The Campus Plan a Trip Things To Do Durham The Region Duke in the World Ready to Apply? Get Started Common Application Universal Application Application Overview Checklist Deadlines Application Instructions Cost Financial Aid Early Regular Decision Plan Your Trip Visit Duke's Campus The best way to experience Duke is to see it for yourself. The Office of Undergraduate Admissions offers high school students and their families a variety of opportunities to explore undergraduate life at Duke, both on campus and in your home area. On-Campus Activities Duke in Your Area Information Sessions and Campus Tours Other Tours Attend a Class Overnight Visits In daily information sessions admissions staff provide an overview of Duke. They also describe -- and answer questions about -- the admissions process, financing a Duke education and academic life. Information sessions are normally held in McClendon Commons, adjacent to the Office of Undergraduate Admissions, located on West Campus near the traffic circle at 2138 Campus Drive. Information sessions are immediately followed by student-led walking tours of campus. In addition to seeing campus facilities, you ll have a chance to hear about Duke from a student s perspective. Tours typically last between an hour and fifteen minutes and an hour and a half. Please call ahead if you require accommodations or will require physical assistance during a tour of campus. We offer campus tours based on the availability of our student tour guides and strongly recommend you plan to visit when students are on campus. We are also happy to provide you with maps and other information for self-guided campus tours. If you arrive on campus outside of our regular office hours, you will find a kiosk with these materials outside the front door. Please click on the Other Tours tab above for questions and large group tour reservations. Book a Visit Reservations are required. Please view our calendar for available dates of attendance. LOCATION Undergraduate Admissions McClendon Commons 2138 Campus Drive Durham, NC 27708 (919) 684-3214 OFFICE HOURS Monday-Friday: 8:30 AM - 5 PM Saturday (visitors only): 8:30 AM - 12:30 PM PARKING View Map SELF-GUIDED WALKING TOUR CAMPUS MAP (printable) View Guide and map Pratt School of Engineering Tours The Pratt School of Engineering offers tours of its facilities. Reservations are required. Please view the Pratt website for details. The Pratt tour schedule allows visitors to attend both the university campus tour and the Pratt engineering tour most weekdays. The Pratt tour lasts approximately one hour and showcases Pratt s newest facilities as well as typical labs and classroom. Tour guides also provide information about the various opportunities available to engineering students. Large Group Tours Throughout the year, we schedule walking tours of the campus for groups of 10-50 students, Monday through Friday. If you are interested in scheduling a group tour, please call (919) 684-3214 several weeks in advance. While we cannot guarantee a tour for your group, we will make every effort to accommodate your needs. Group tours are available to groups of high school age students only. If you have a group of younger students or a group of adults, please contact the Office of Special Events at (919) 684-3710, which offers tours during the Fall and Spring semesters. Duke University is unable to provide overnight housing for tour groups. Groups interested in special arrangements for dining on-campus should contact University Dining Services at (919) 660-3900. Questions about Pratt tours can be directed to Lauren Stulgis at lauren.stulgis@duke.edu or 919-660-5996. As you explore the academic transition from high school to college, attending a college class can be one of the most significant and eye-opening experiences you may have. Duke undergraduate classes in every department and program are open to visitors. The registrar s office maintains a full course listing. Please note that times and locations are subject to change without notice; courses may take field trips, take advantage of another room s technological amenities, or take advantage of warm weather to meet outside on the quad. Before your visit Peruse the class list and select the classes you are interested in. Don t be afraid to try something new. Email the professor. Verify the class time and location and see what activities are taking place in class on the day you visit in order to avoid sitting in on a test or a quiz. When visiting Get to the classroom early and introduce yourself to the professor as a student interested in observing the class. Plan to spend the entire class period and avoid cellphone use so as not to disrupt the class. Although these classes have been specifically recommended as good courses for prospective students to visit, we cannot predict if a test or quiz will be administered. Professors will put a sign on the door if the class is full. If you d like to speak with a faculty member, coach or ROTC officer during your visit, please contact the individual directly to make an appointment. We regret that our large number of visitors (20,000+ per year) makes it impossible for us to schedule these appointments for you. For email addresses, search Duke. For telephone numbers call Duke Directory Assistance at (919) 684-8111. The Admissions Office coordinates an official hosting program in the fall from September through November. Information about the fall hosting program will be available in late August. During the spring term, the Admissions Office does not coordinate an official hosting program for prospective students. If you know a current undergraduate, you may contact that student and arrange your visit with him or her. If you know a current undergraduate, feel free to contact that student and arrange your visit directly with him or her. Students who are staying over with a Duke friend must complete these liability and waiver forms and send them to elysia.pan@duke.edu . Also, please notify your Duke friend that they will be contacted to participate in an online hosting training session prior to your visit on campus. Overview U.S. Programs International Programs Every year, during the fall and late spring, our admissions officers travel to locations throughout the United States and the world to give high school students and their families an inside look at the Duke experience. At our programs, you can find out about Duke s academic offerings and student life, as well as the admissions process and financial assistance options. Exploring College Options . Programs throughout the U.S. featuring Duke, Georgetown, Harvard, Penn and Stanford. Discover Duke . Duke-only programs in major U.S. cities. International Travel . Duke-only and group travel in Canada, Mexico, Central and South America, Europe, the Middle East, Africa and Asia. For more than 20 years, Duke admissions officers have partnered with our colleagues from Georgetown University, Harvard University, Stanford University and the University of Pennsylvania to host Exploring College Options programs every spring and fall. At each Exploring College Options program, representatives from the five schools offer brief presentations about their respective institutions and answer questions about the sometimes-mystifying world of college admissions. Learn what distinguishes one fine university from another, what competitive colleges look for in the selection process, and what you can do to enhance your college applications. Additionally, our admissions officers host special informational presentations called Discover Duke programs in locations throughout the United States every fall. Duke admissions officers also visit high schools in selected U.S. cities during the fall season. To find out whether we re visiting your high school this year, check with your guidance counseling office in the fall. Duke University admissions officers, in partnership with representatives from other American universities, host informational programs in various international locations each fall and spring. Duke admissions officers also independently visit schools and educational advising centers around the world. Please be sure to add your name to our mailing list so we can email you if we re coming to your country! Visiting Tips Reservations are required to attend any of our regularly scheduled information sessions and campus tours. Arrive at least 30 minutes prior to the start of the information session for which you've registered. Allow additional time to explore campus on your own. Talk with students and find out about their Duke experiences. "Demonstrated interest," the amount of contact between an individual and our admissions office, is not a factor in our admissions process. Because of the high volume of visitors, admissions officers are unable to schedule individual appointments with prospective students. If you want refreshments before your information session, check out Duke's dining venues . Parking and Transportation Getting Here Driving Directions Duke is located near Interstates 40 and 85 in Durham, N.C. Though signs for Duke University abound throughout the area, you might need some guidance. You can map your route to the Office of Undergraduate Admissions. You may also find our searchable campus map to be a helpful reference tool. Download and print driving directions. Airport Ground Transportation Duke s campus is only a 20-minute drive from Raleigh-Durham International Airport (RDU). For information on taxi service and other ground transportation options, please visit RDU s website . Duke does not provide airport shuttle service. Where to Park Visitors to our office should plan to arrive about 30 minutes prior to the beginning of the information session or tour they plan to attend, in order to allow adequate time for parking. There is a limited number of free parking spaces for visitors in the circular drive in the front of the Office of Undergraduate Admissions . However, visitors who park in these spaces need a permit, available at the admissions office reception desk. There are additional spaces in the circular drive behind McClendon Commons, located immediately adjacent to the Office of Undergraduate Admissions. During peak times, many of our visitors will need to park in the Sarah P. Duke Gardens parking lot , accessible from Anderson Street. Parking in both lots costs $1.00 per half hour. It takes approximately five minutes to walk from the lot to our office, so please be sure to allow yourself adequate time. The walking tour of campus concludes near the Bryan Center. If you wish instead to park in the Bryan Center garage or the Bryan Center hourly pay lot, you should allow for a ten minute walk to the Admissions Office. Visitor parking information may be reviewed here . Your browser doesn't support iFrames. Which, considering it's 2012, is probably a step in the right direction for browsers. Hotel Accommodations Numerous lodging options are available to Duke visitors. The Durham Convention and Visitor s Bureau is a helpful resource in identifying accommodations near campus. Another resource for finding a hotel near Duke is hotels-rates.com . If you d like to stay on campus, the four-diamond rated Washington Duke Inn Golf Club sits right on the Duke University Golf Course. Built in the style of an English country inn, the Washington Duke is renowned for its lovely setting and gracious southern hospitality. Call (800) 443-3853 for information and reservations, or book your reservation online now. These listings are meant only as a resource for parents and guests of the University and are not an endorsement or recommendation by Duke University. Dining Information After a day of touring the campus or sitting in on a stimulating lecture, you will no doubt be starving. You re welcome to grab a bite in one of our outstanding on-campus dining venues , or you might consider sampling some of Durham s nationally acclaimed cuisine . For restaurant listings, see the Independent Weekly Triangle Dining Guide , Citysearch , Carpe Durham or visit the Durham Convention Visitors Bureau dining section . The Campus Plan a Trip Things To Do Durham The Region Duke in the World Close Map Book a Visit Apply Duke Admissions Quick Links Undergraduate Schools Trinity College of Arts Info For Parents Counselors Duke.edu Contact Search Connect Twitter Facebook Instagram YouTube