GT | Georgia Institute of Technology - Welcome Skip to content Georgia Institute of Technology Apply Give Visit Georgia Tech Home Map Directory Offices Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google Plus Instagram Flickr Pinterest RSS Search You are here: GT Home Engineering medical breakthroughs The Wallace H. Coulter Department of Biomedical Engineering at Georgia Tech and Emory University pairs medical research with engineering to touch, transform, and save countless lives. Full story Georgia Tech: A Leading Technology and Research University Prospective Students Parents Alumni Professional Education Government Community Industry Prospective Students Get Started Admissions Degrees Colleges schools Continuing Professional Education Costs, Aid Scholarships Upcoming Events DramaTech Spring 2015 Auditions DramaTech Theatre inside the Ferst Center for the Arts DramaTech Spring 2015 Auditions DramaTech Theatre inside the Ferst Center for the Arts Georgia Tech Martin Luther King Celebration: Campuswide Student Celebration Atlanta, GA Parents Parents Parents and families play an integral and ongoing role in their student's success at Georgia Tech, and we encourage parents to stay connected to the Institute through communication, volunteering and other involvement opportunities. By working together, we can help ensure you and your student have a fulfilling experience at Georgia Tech. Quick Links Upcoming Events Sibs Day 2015 Atlanta, GA Alumni Alumni The Georgia Tech Alumni Association is the trusted resource for Tech graduates who want to remain actively engaged with Georgia Tech. We provide networks, career services, events, online services, and programs, while maintaining the traditions of the Institute. Quick Links Professional Education Professional Education Georgia Tech Professional Education is an academic division of the Georgia Institute of Technology, offering professional master's degrees, short courses, and certificate programs to meet the needs of working professionals and industry partners. Quick Links Government Community Government Community Relations The Office of Government and Community Relations is the Institute's primary connection to the federal, state, and local governments and communities. Through active advocacy and relationship-building, Government and Community Relations staff members work to exhibit the opportunity of Georgia Tech and build esteem for the Institute in order to achieve its goals of progress and service for all that it touches. Quick Links Upcoming Events GT Student Day at the Capitol Georgia State Capitol (Transportation provided) Application Deadline: Fall 2015 D.C. Internship Program Industry Industry Engagement The Georgia Institute of Technology is one of the nation's leading public research universities, and has been an innovation engine since its founding in 1885. Groundbreaking research is underway in research institutes, centeres and laboratories spanning the campus, inspiring game-changing ideas and news technologies that will help drive economic growth, while improving human life on a global scale. Quick Links Upcoming Events HTS Speaker Series: Jennifer Sterling (HTS, Georgia Tech) Room 104, Old CE Building The Voyager spacecraft after 37 years in space LeCraw Auditorium, 1st floor Nano@Tech - Directed Self-Assembly of Block Copolymers: Opportunities and... Pettit Microelectronics Building Conference Room 102 A amp;B | 791 Atlantic Drive | Atlanta, GA 30332 MBA Information Session Atlanta, GA Rankings Stats Women in Engineering Georgia Tech has awarded more engineering degrees to women than any other school since 2007. — Diverse: Issues in Higher Education Learn More Ranked Among the Very Best For more than a decade, Georgia Tech has been ranked among the top ten public universities in the United States. — U.S. News World Report Learn More We re #1! Georgia Tech awards more engineering degrees to minority students than any other university in the nation. — Diverse: Issues in Higher Education Learn More Bike Friendly Campus The League of American Bicyclists has named Georgia Tech the most Bicycle Friendly University in the East. Learn More No. 1 Return on Investment in Higher Education Georgia Tech has the best payback score in the nation based on salaries and tuition. — SmartMoney Magazine Learn More Excellent Earning Potential The median reported salary for Bachelor of Science recipients is $63,000. – Georgia Tech Career Services Learn More Women in Engineering Georgia Tech has awarded more engineering degrees to women than any other school since 2007. — Diverse: Issues in Higher Education Learn More Ranked Among the Very Best For more than a decade, Georgia Tech has been ranked among the top ten public universities in the United States. — U.S. News World Report Learn More We re #1! Georgia Tech awards more engineering degrees to minority students than any other university in the nation. — Diverse: Issues in Higher Education Learn More Bike Friendly Campus The League of American Bicyclists has named Georgia Tech the most Bicycle Friendly University in the East. Learn More No. 1 Return on Investment in Higher Education Georgia Tech has the best payback score in the nation based on salaries and tuition. — SmartMoney Magazine Learn More Excellent Earning Potential The median reported salary for Bachelor of Science recipients is $63,000. – Georgia Tech Career Services Learn More News Events Study shows how breast cancer cells break free to spread in the body A new study has identified how one important gene helps cancer cells break free from the primary tumor. News Read more A Ride in the Ramblin Wreck The driver of Georgia Tech’s 1930 Model A Ford gives late-night rides home to students studying for exams. News Read more Saturday Dec 20 Men s Basketball vs. Vanderbilt to Events Read More STEM is incredibly valuable, but STEAM makes it better Mark Guzdial Professor School of Interactive Computing, College of Computing I am sympathetic to this argument for the value of STEAM (STEM+Art), rather than just STEM. I strongly believe in the value of creative expression in learning STEM subjects. That’s core to our... Faculty Voices Read more Georgia Tech Resources Offices Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel Conference Center Barnes Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Colleges, Global Presence Research College of Architecture College of Computing College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts Scheller College of Business Savannah Costa Rica France Peking University Joint Degree Program Singapore Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research Student Parent Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Services Co-ops Internships Commencement Library Student Affairs Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad T-Square Parents Program Dean of Students Scholarships Financial Aid Employee, Alumni, Other Resources Administration and Finance Advising Teaching Faculty Governance Faculty Hiring Human Resources Office of the Provost TechWorks Alumni Association Alumni Career Services Giving Back to Tech Startup Companies Economic Development Industry Engagement Government Community Partners Georgia Tech Research Institute Professional Education Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 Phone: 404-894-2000 Contact Us Site Feedback Tech Lingo Emergency Information Legal Privacy Information Accessibility Accountability Accreditation Employment 2014 Georgia Institute of Technology Georgia Tech football is celebrating 100 years at Grant Field this fall. Go Jackets!