Welcome to Graduate Studies at Georgia Tech | Graduate Studies | Georgia Institute of Technology | Atlanta, GA Skip to content Georgia Institute of Technology Graduate Studies | Georgia Institute of Technology | Atlanta, GA Apply Now Georgia Tech Home Map Directory Offices Facebook Search Enter your keywords You are here: GT Home Welcome to Graduate Studies at Georgia Tech News Campus Services, Operations Altered during Winter Break Dining, transportation, and many campus buildings will be closed or have limited hours during the break. --> January Fellowship Buzz: Upcoming Deadlines to Know If you’re a graduate student in the market for a fellowship, read on to find out more about upcoming opportunities. --> 13 Ph.D. Students Honored at ARCS Luncheon On Nov. 20, 13 Georgia Institute of Technology Ph.D. students were among the 45 students from Georgia universities who were honored at a luncheon for ARCS scholars. --> Events Winter Break 2014 - Campus Closed Campus is closed Dec. 22-26, 2014. --> International Coffee Hour GT Student Day at the Capitol Buzzworthy Achievements Jesse Zaro-Moore (School of City and Regional Planning) won the Edward McClure Award for Best Master s Student Paper in Urban and Regional Planning from the Association of Collegiate Schools of Planning. Simon Berrebi (School of Civil and Environmental Engineering) received a grant from the Awesome Atlanta Foundation. Georgia Tech Resources Offices Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Campus Visits Georgia Tech Hotel Conference Center Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Visitor Parking Information Directions to Campus GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Barnes Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Colleges College of Architecture College of Computing College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts Scheller College of Business Savannah France Costa Rica Peking University Joint Degree Program Singapore Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research RCR Training Student Resources Athletics Bursar s Office BuzzCard BuzzPort Campus Recreation Center Commencement Counseling Center Financial Aid Georgia Tech Police Department Graduate Studies FAQ Health Services Housing International Education Parking and Transportation Services Policy Library Registrar Student Center Career Resources Center for Career Discovery and Development Center for the Enhancement of Teaching and Learning Communication Center Fellowships Language Institute Daily Digest Technique, Student Newspaper Social Media Directory Graduate Studies Georgia Institute of Technology 631 Cherry St., Room 318 Atlanta, GA 30332-0321 Accessibility Accreditation Tech Lingo Emergency Information Legal Privacy Information Accountability Employment 2014 Georgia Institute of Technology