UNC Global UNC Global Contact UNC Home Search Home Academics / Study Abroad Centers / Institutes Faculty / Research Grants / Funding Travel Info About Global Partners Alumni / Friends News Events Services / Resources Make a Gift Study Abroad Office Announces New Programs, 2015 The Study Abroad Office at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, which offers students more than 325 programs worldwide, has recently announced new programs in regions ranging from Argentina to Russia. Pérez on Opening of Diplomatic Relations Between U.S. and Cuba Louis Pérez Jr., J. Carlyle Sitterson Professor of History at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, is a leading scholar on Cuba and U.S.-Cuban relations. Pérez is contributing extensively to the global discussion on the re-opening of diplomatic relations between the U.S. and Cuba. Seeking a Safer Way to Cook in Developing Countries University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill public policy professors Ashu Handa and Pam Jagger in the College of Arts and Sciences have received a $2.5 million National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences grant to fight a very serious, but understudied health problem in sub-Saharan Africa. Exposure to cookstove smoke from burning fuels such as... Law School Publishes First International Edition of Alumni Magazine The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill School of Law just published the first international edition of its biannual alumni magazine, Carolina Law. The Fall-Winter 2014 issue of Carolina Law offers a glimpse into how law faculty and students are taking on global issues. According to UNC School of Law Dean John Charles Jack Boger,... Partnerships, Cancer Research in Malawi to Expand with New NCI Grant The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill Lineberger Comprehensive Cancer Center and the UNC Institute for Global Health and Infectious Diseases have received a $3.7 million grant from the National Cancer Institute (NCI) to study the growing worldwide cancer problem and expand the University’s efforts in Malawi to study and treat HIV-associated cancers. Andrew... World Regions Africa Australia / Pacific Islands East Asia Latin America / Caribbean Middle East North America Polar Regions Russia / Eastern Europe / Eurasia South Asia Southeast Asia Western Europe / European Union What s New Ademola Okulaja ’99: Former Tar Heel Basketball MVP, Entrepreneur and Cancer Survivor Lives Up to His ‘Warrior’ Nickname Call for Artists: FedEx Global Education Center Exhibitions UNC Hosts Visitors from the Embassy of Israel Mitchell Scholarship Recipient Sarah Bufkin Now 49th UNC Rhodes Scholar In the Media Chapel Hill is the No. 3 Best College Town in the U.S.: Triangle Business Journal U.S. Consumers Shun Fat-Inducing Cakes, Cookies: The Business Standard (India) Can AIDS Be Cured?: The New Yorker Study: Chapel Hill Is America’s Third-Best College Town: Chapelboro Pakistan Native Tries to Demystify His Native Country with Software Start-up: The Washington Post Deadlines Palestinian American Research Center (PARC) Faculty Development Seminar Application (Jan. 9) Fulbright Postdoctoral Scholar Awards (Jan. 15) Pre-Dissertation Research Fellowships in European Studies (Jan. 19) Inter-American Foundation Grassroots Development Fellowship Program (Jan. 20) Mellon-CES Dissertation Completion Fellowships in European Studies (Jan. 26) @UNC_Global @UNC_Global Get Connected Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Vimeo Pinterest RSS Enter your email to receive our e-newsletter FedEx Global Education Center 11/03 Remembering Nelson Mandela: From South Africa to Chapel Hill 02/06 Remembering Nelson Mandela: From South Africa to Chapel Hill, Keynote Lecture by Hunt Davis 02/18 Ambassadors Forum: Sergey Ivanovich Kislyak, “Russia’s Role in World Affairs: Relations with the U.S., China and Europe" 02/23 2015 Carolina Global Photography Exhibition 03/03 Ambassadors Forum: Mikheil Saakashvili, "Georgia, the United States, the EU and War and Tension with Russia" UNC 01/07 Aaron Davidman, "Wrestling Jerusalem" 01/19 Angela Davis, Martin Luther King Jr. Day Celebration Keynote Address 04/23 Ambassadors Forum: Anne Anderson, "Ireland Since the Euro Crisis: Relations with the EU and the USA" Worldwide 05/21 Aftermath: the Cultural Legacies of WWI Copyright 2007-2014 University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill +1.919.962.2435 global@unc.edu 301 Pittsboro Street., Chapel Hill, NC 27516 USA