Public Service | The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill Background Off About Restore Page Background On - Students gather in the Pit for a Hunger Lunch, which benefits UNC's chapter of Nourish International. Search UNC.edu, People or Places UNC.edu People Places Search Text Search Submit Calendar Libraries Maps Departments ConnectCarolina Menu Skip to content About UNC Academics Research Public Service Health Care UNC Global Arts Athletics Home Text: NWS - Severe thunderstorm warning for Chapel Hill and Carrboro ---> Public Service Resources Campus Y Carolina Center for Public Service Public Service MBA students build bikes, team spirit The morning started with a lecture by a business school professor, as most mornings will start once the latest 282 incoming full-time MBA students begin taking classes at Carolina later this month. Read more... Rimel Mwamba: 'I want to give back' Despite being a founding member of her high school’s Call To Action club, which serves charities such as UNICEF, Girls Learn International, and Equality Now, Rimel Mwamba never thought of herself as selfless. Read more... Musical Empowerment benefits from Avett Brothers The popular band played a concert for the UNC student-run nonprofit that provides music lessons and instruments to children who can't afford them. Read more... PDC@FPG A new professional development center at UNC will provide teachers and school administrators with resources on child development and education. Read more... High-caliber teachers for youngest learners Through a new partnership with UNC\\\\\\\'s Frank Porter Graham Child Development Institute, Tracey Bennett and Vance-Granville Community College are preparing the next generation of teachers. Read more... An empowering duet Musical Empowerment pairs musically inclined Carolina students with local children interested in learning a musical craft. Read more... On a mission of healing The N.C. Jaycee Burn Center is a place where healing, teaching and learning come together. Read more... Book Fairy drive brings books to hospital bedsides UNC libraries are partnering with campus departments to collect children’s books for the Book Fairy, an organization that donates books to the Pediatric Oncology Clinic at UNC Hospitals. Read more... Communiversity introduces kids to college Communiversity has been reaching out to local youngsters like India Allston, left, and Laila Williams for 20 years. Read more... Science and service UNC alum Sadie McCleary combines the two in her Teach for America job. Read more... Brothers band together Five UNC fraternities joined together to build a Habitat for Humanity home. Read more... Attend Peace Corps info session Feb. 22 Carolina ranks consistently among the top 10 universities providing volunteers to the Peace Corps. Read more... Challah for Hunger bakes its way to success Sara Desberg,foreground, and Shayna Bernstein bake their Challah for Hunger loaves at the Hillel House. Read more... Grad student on a mission to improve health in Africa On her missions in Africa, Suzannah Johnston talked to women and children about health issues like dehydration. Read more... Through its teaching, research and public service, Carolina connects with the people of our state – and the world – every day in ways that improve lives and build futures. ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT Student s jewelry raises funds for Kenyan children ABAN tackles two epidemics STAR leads N.C. community to economic recovery EDUCATION 1,000 days, 2 million books read C-STEP makes law school dream come true Why Johnny CAN read ENVIRONMENT AND ENERGY N.C. Botanical Garden LEEDs the way HEALTH Strong ties help UNC, Malawi fight disease For Carolina nurse, big ideas bring big results SOCIAL INVOLVEMENT How social entrepreneurship can change world Meet Earl Martin Phalen, CUBE Social Entrepreneur-in-Residence Bonner leaders in the street Events Community Engagement Fellowship applications 2015 Sherpa Fellowship applications accepted Public Service Awards call for nominations 2015 Ned Brooks Award 2015 Davis Projects for Peace Award View All Meet a Tar Heel Most little boys enjoy digging in the dirt before they get bigger and VIEW PROFILE Alert Carolina Contact Departments Directory Employment FAQs ITS Privacy Policy Accessibility RSS Feeds University Operator: (919) 962-2211 | © 2014 The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill | Manage Website