About UNC | The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill Background Off About Restore Page Background On - The Old Well is the visual symbol of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. For many years the Old Well served as the sole water supply for Old East and Old West dormitories. In 1897, the well was given its present decorative form at the direction of President Erwin A. Alderman, who described his beautification project as largely derived from the Temple of Love in the Garden of Versailles. In 1954 the well was given added beauty with brick walks, plantings, and benches. Students can bring good luck with a drink from the Old Well on the first day of classes. Search UNC.edu, People or Places UNC.edu People Places Search Text Search Submit Calendar Libraries Maps Departments ConnectCarolina Menu Skip to content About UNC Academics Research Public Service Health Care UNC Global Arts Athletics Home Text: NWS - Severe thunderstorm warning for Chapel Hill and Carrboro ---> About UNC FAQs History and Traditions Contact Us Quicklinks Academic Calendar Board of Trustees Board of Visitors Carolina s Story Chancellor Events Calendar Map (PDF) Maps (Searchable) Policies Provost Registrar About UNC Carolina s vibrant people and programs attest to the University’s long-standing place among leaders in higher education since it was chartered in 1789 and opened its doors for students in 1795 as the nation’s first public university. Situated in the beautiful college town of Chapel Hill, N.C., UNC has earned a reputation as one of the best universities in the world. Carolina prides itself on a strong, diverse student body, academic opportunities not found anywhere else, and a value unmatched by any public university in the nation. Mission FAQs Facts Figures Students Enrollment UNC-Chapel Hill, the nation’s first public university, ranks among the world’s leading research universities. A member of the prestigious Association of American Universities, Carolina regularly ranks as the best value for academic quality in U.S. public higher education. Now in its third century, the University offers 78 bachelor’s, 112 master’s, 68 doctorate and seven professional degree programs through 14 schools and the College of Arts and Sciences. More than 29,000 undergraduate, graduate and professional students learn from a faculty of 3,600. Every day, faculty, staff and students shape their teaching, research and public service to meet North Carolina’s most pressing needs in all 100 counties. Carolina’s 282,886 alumni live in all 50 states and more than 140 countries. Interactive Tour Visit UNC-Chapel Hill: INTERACTIVE TOUR » Meet a Tar Heel Most little boys enjoy digging in the dirt before they get bigger and VIEW PROFILE Alert Carolina Contact Departments Directory Employment FAQs ITS Privacy Policy Accessibility RSS Feeds University Operator: (919) 962-2211 | © 2014 The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill | Manage Website