Our Campuses Campuses: Twin Cities Crookston Duluth Morris Rochester Other Locations Go to the U of M home page One Stop myU Search text Main Navigation About the U Administration Alumni Association Arts Culture Board of Regents Campus Facts Employment Equity Diversity Giving to the U News Our Campuses SafeU Academics and Research Academic Calendar Bookstores Centers and Institutes Colleges Schools Continuing Education Professional Development Courses Courses for High School Students Financial Aid Libraries Majors Minors Online Learning Research Opportunities Study Abroad Admissions Graduate Graduate Professional Schools Graduate Student Housing Undergraduate Application Tracker Apply Online Costs Tuition Financial Aid Scholarships Future Freshman Housing Residential Life International Students Net Price Calculator Transfer Students UofM Promise Scholarship Visit Campus Health and Medicine University of Minnesota Masonic Children's Hospital Bio-Medical Library BioMedical Discovery District Boynton Health Service Giving to Medicine Health Health, Wellness Spirituality Healthy Food Lives Hospitals Clinics SafeU Services Resources In the Community Arts Culture Business Resources Community Service-Learning Center Economic Development Environment Sustainability Extension Global Programs Strategy Alliance K-12 Students Educators Public Engagement Technology Commercialization Urban Outreach Programs Sports and Recreation Sports Facilities Goldy Gopher Gopher Sports Schedule Summer Sports Camps Tickets Recreation Facilities Fitness Programs Intramural Sports Outdoor Recreation Sport Clubs Youth Programs Our Campuses Twin Cities The University of Minnesota, Twin Cities (UMTC), is among the largest public research universities in the country, offering undergraduate, graduate, and professional students a multitude of opportunities for study and research. Located at the heart of one of the nation s most vibrant, diverse metropolitan communities, students on the campuses in Minneapolis and St. Paul benefit from extensive partnerships with world-renowned health centers, international corporations, government agencies, and arts, nonprofit, and public service organizations. Crookston The University of Minnesota, Crookston (UMC), proudly carries on a tradition of a century of educational service to northwestern Minnesota. UMC equips all students and faculty with laptop computers and offers individual attention in a technology-rich environment. Integral to the University's statewide land-grant mission, UMC provides applied, career-oriented learning programs and connects its teaching, research, and outreach to local, county, and regional economic development agencies in support of the rural economy. Duluth The University of Minnesota, Duluth (UMD), consistently ranks among the top Midwestern, regional universities in U.S. News and World Report's America's Best Colleges issue. Overlooking Lake Superior, UMD provides an alternative to both large research and small liberal arts environments and attracts students looking for a personalized learning experience on a medium-sized campus of a major university. A firm liberal arts foundation anchors a variety of traditional degree programs, as well as professional and graduate studies that draw on UMD s many research institutes and labs. Morris The University of Minnesota, Morris (UMM) makes its home on a 121-year-old campus on the western edge of the state and is one of the top public liberal arts colleges in the nation. The small, close-knit campus emphasizes faculty/student collaboration in research, study abroad, and service learning. Deeply rooted in the tall grass prairies of Minnesota, the campus also has advanced sustainable, environmentally friendly initiatives that have grown to levels of national leadership and touch nearly all aspects of campus life. Rochester The University of Minnesota, Rochester (UMR), formally established in 2006, is the newest campus in the University of Minnesota system and serves the academic and professional needs of southeastern Minnesota. UMR provides graduate and undergraduate degrees and focuses on the areas of health sciences and biotechnology, preparing students for a broad spectrum of certification programs, professional schools, and graduate programs leading to health profession careers, as well as entry-level science and laboratory positions in industry, government agencies, and universities. It also offers programs in business, education, public health, and social work. Other University locations The University conducts agricultural, biological, and forestry research at several locations throughout the state and shares that research and education with the people of Minnesota through programs offered at 16 regional extension offices . The University s wide variety of public service programs like dental, medical, and veterinary clinics, and K 12 educational outreach help more than a million people annually. Research and Outreach Centers Cedar Creek Ecosystem Science Reserve Cloquet Forestry Center County Extension Offices Hormel Institute, Austin Horticultural Research Center, Excelsior Itasca Biological Station and Laboratories Large Lakes Observatory, Duluth Mid-Central Research and Outreach Center Minnesota Landscape Arboretum, Chanhassen Natural Resources Research Institute, Duluth North Central Research and Outreach Center, Grand Rapids Northwest Research and Outreach Center, Crookston Sand Plain Research Farm, Becker Soudan Underground Research Southern Research and Outreach Center, Waseca Southwest Research and Outreach Center, Lamberton UMore Park Urban Research and Outreach-Engagement Center (UROC) West Central Research and Outreach Center, Morris Twin Cities Campus: Maps Directions Parking Transportation Contact U of M Privacy Directories Boilerplate 2011 2014 Regents of the University of Minnesota. All rights reserved. The University of Minnesota is an equal opportunity educator and employer. Information current as of March 25, 2014