Employment Office of Human Resources http://www.umn.edu/ohr 612-625-2016 Main navigation | Main content Campuses: Twin Cities Crookston Duluth Morris Rochester Other Locations Go to the U of M home page OneStop myU Search OHR Go to Office of Human Resources home page OHR Directory Policies Forms Employee Self-Service Employment Benefits Wellness Work/Life Occupational Health Safety Leadership Talent Development Pay Job Classification Employee Relations Manager's Toolkit Search Apply for Openings Applying at the University The University's online employment system helps you find the best fit for a career at the University. With the online system, you can search for positions by keyword; complete your application online; attach supporting documents, such as a resume or curriculum vitae; and manage, edit, and check the status of your application. All new hires in to non-student positions will undergo a background check. Our presumption is that prospective employees are eligible to work here. Criminal convictions do not automatically disqualify finalists from employment. Search Apply for Job Openings with the University's online Employment System. Safety and Security on Campus Every year, the University publishes Safety and Security on Campus, a brochure that includes the most recent three years of reported crime statistics along with safety policies, procedures, and services. The report, part of the University s compliance with the federal Clery Act , is available online in a downloadable, printable PDF document . To request the brochure in print or in another format, contact University Police at 612-624-2677. Relocation Assistance The Relocation Assistance Program offers information and resources to new and prospective faculty, staff, and their families. RAP also assists departments conducting employment searches. Through the Dual Career Services program, RAP works with spouse/partners of new employees to explore employment options. The University of Minnesota is one of more than 50 members of the Upper Midwest Higher Education Recruitment Consortium that works to support dual-career and diversity hiring. Graduate Assistant Appointments Find the information you need about tuition benefits, policies, and terms of employment. You can also search for graduate assistantships. Graduate Assistant Employment Student Employment Everything you need to know about eligibility, dates of employment, finding a job, and Work Study. Student Employment Hiring Information for Departments Policies and procedures for hiring new employees can be found in the Manager's Toolkit . Career Development for Current Employees Opportunities for career and professional development can be found in Training Development . Career Services for Students Contact your college's career services office or visit University Career Services for information on career resources for students. Operations Center Relocation The Office of Human Resources Job Center, along with other Operations groups, relocated to the West Bank Office Building in 2012. For information on the relocation and which services are affected, visit the Operations Relocation website . after--> U of M Job Center 545 West Bank Office Building, 1300 South 2nd Street, Minneapolis, MN 55454 612-624-UOHR (612-624-8647) 612-626-7911 (fax) employ@umn.edu Contact OHR before--> 2006-2013 Regents of the University of Minnesota. All rights reserved. The University of Minnesota is an equal opportunity educator and employer Last modified on August 19, 2014 Twin Cities Campus: Parking Transportation Maps Directions Directories Contact U of M Privacy