MinnesotaAlumni.org - Home Page Upcoming Events Travel Homecoming Annual Celebration Alumni Awards Celebration Go Gophers Exceeds Legislative Goals The Universuity exceeded the performance measures put in place by the Minnesota Legislature last biennium as part of a budget agreement. New Name for Hospital U of M Children's Hospital has been renamed in honor of the Masonic Charities, which has given more than $125 million to the University. Budget Action Regents approve new budget, legislative request. Student Success, Health and Economy Proposed U budget places student success, a healthy state, and a strong economy at the forefront. A $25M Gift Land 'O Lakes Foundation commits $25 million, mostly for student-athlete facilities. We're Number One! U of M-Twin Cities tops the Forbes list of 'rising star" colleges with greatest rise in ranking. Alumni, Give Yourselves a Hand Alumni support of the U of M is at record levels. See the details here . A Tobacco-Free Zone Twin Cities campus goes entirely tobacco-free beginning July 1. Find out what that means here . A $3.6 Billion Budget Administrative cuts and $240 million in facility upgrades are key features Going Green (Line LRT) LRT begins serving the Minneapolis campus beginning Saturday, June 14. More Administrative Cuts The U's FY15 budget proposes another $20 million in administrative savings, on top of this year's $15 million in cuts. Frozen: In-State Tuition For the second year in a row, in-state undergrad tuition will not change in 2014-15. Recycled Iron Pour U Art Department's 45th Iron Pour used recycled Northrop radiators to create it's fiery material. "Ultra-Tech" Nano Lab The U unveiled it's new physics building April 24, the U of M Nanotechnology Center. New National Champ U of M gymnast Ellis Mannon won the NCAA pommel horse title in April. Big Bang Ripples U researcher helps find origins of the Big Bang Grand Challenges Read the text of President Kaler's State of the U address. Great Grappling U of M wins the National Duals title as the best wrestling team in the NCAA--for the third year in a row. An Excellent Class Gopher football recruits raise the bar for the future. Safe on Campus University launches multi-pronged safety initiative in wake of high-profile crimes near campus. Keep Them in School U initiative seeks to keep low-income students in school after first year. A Gopher Hockey Flavor The US women's hockey team boasts five Gophers on its roster for the 2014 Winter Olympics. The men's team features four Gopher alumni . 110-Ton Magnet Pulls in Researchers The world's most powerful magnet is drawing brain researchers to the U. Sweet 16 Again Gopher volleyball will play in the NCAA final 16 for the fifth consecutive year. Minnesota is Golden The U of M alumni magazine again named best publication in its class in Minnesota . Big Population Boost U of M earns $3.2 million NIH grant to expand population 'microdata' available for scientific research. New Northrop Emerging Just months from completion, Northrop Auditorium is being completely re-engineered. Winning! Gopher football beats Nebraska; hockey, volleyball, soccer also victorious in a great weekend. Ten Cool Things Take a video tour of 10 interesting stops around the Twin Cities campus. U of M Alumnus Awarded Nobel Prize Lars Peter Hansen (Ph.D. '78) awarded 2013 Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences; former faculty member Robert Shiller also cited. A Prudent Call The New York Times weighs in on football coach Jerry Kill's decision to take a leave to treat his epilepsy. Read the Gophersports.com release here. Pushing Science U's 2014 capital request is all about STEM. Edina Represents Edina residents have long dominated Alumni Association leadership. Grad Rates Soar See a UMNews video touting recent gains in graduation rates and how the U is "pushing for more." Commitment to Cutting President Eric Kaler $90 million in new administrative savings . No Smoking, Indoors and Out University prepares to implement a campus-wide smoking ban, indoors and out Smaller and Better U researchers have found an efficient method to make electronics even smaller. Welcome Week U of MN welcomes new and returning students to campus with a series of events Coach Kill's Teachable Moment Football coach turns his public seizure into an education campaign. Dinkytown Project Approved Minneapolis council okays controversial multi-use project. Homecoming Grand Marshal Named Andrea Hjelm will serve as the 2013 grand marshal Building a Request U releases bonding wish list for 2014. Solar Breakthrough U researchers pioneer method to create inexpensive, effective solar cells Are you Ready for Some Football? Report on Gophers at Big Ten Media Day; practice opens Aug. 2 Solar Unveiling U's latest solar car makes its public debut. A Welcoming Climate U of M ranked as most LGBT-friendly campus Kaler in China U President describes his 11-day, 5-city trip to meet alumni and business leaders. $190M in Athletics Facilities Envisioned Gopher sports needs assessment seeks to raise all funds privately, Diversity, Equity, and Access President Kaler reaffirms U stance in wake of Supreme Court affirmative action case. Tuition is Frozen New state funds mean U can keep undergraduate tuition from rising next year. Visit and connect with alumni Groups and Pages Keep "tabs" on your Alumni Association! Here's how. . Get the exclusive University of Minnesota Alumni Association credit card: Learn more here . Special access to University Libraries Receive Minnesota Magazine Discounts on cultural activities Discounts on continuing ed and much more ... Inside: Events Travel Connect with Alumni Get Involved Membership Benefits Your U of M Home Location About Us Copyright Privacy Site Map 2014 by the University of Minnesota Alumni Association. The University of Minnesota Alumni Association is an equal opportunity educator and employer. Be a member. Join today. 800.862.5867