University of Minnesota Duluth Skip to Main Content Campuses: Duluth Crookston Morris Rochester Twin Cities Other Locations University of Minnesota Duluth Go to the UMD home page Search for websites and people Surrounded by nature yet defined by spirit. Find out more about those who can. Those who can, learn by doing. Those who can, respect those who came before. Those who can, seek knowledge from their elders. Those who can, find lessons in the trees. Those who can, see possibilities in problems. Those who can, turn dreams into bridges. Those who can, embrace the elements. Those who can, dig deep for answers. Those who can, get their hands dirty. Those who can, give back. Those who can, Duluth. Those who can, improve. Follow the progress of the UMD website redesign project in our blog. Follow @UMNDuluth About UMD Admissions Academics Campus Life Athletics Arts Culture Those Who Can . . . Experience UMD. You’ve been admitted, now come explore! Attend your academic college’s Admitted Student Day and connect with faculty and staff. Meet your incoming classmates and grab your first Bulldog selfie! Register All In Psychology major Ashley Perry is on the executive board of the Black Student Association, leads the BSA Dance Team, and performs spoken word poetry. In her career, she hopes to help young people discover the transformative power of education. Learn how she accomplishes so much / Use the left and right keys on your keyboard to advance the images in the admissions section below. Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Transfer Admissions International Admissions PSEO Admissions Continuing Education Pharmacy School Admissions Medical School Admissions Apply Today Prepared to take your future in hand? Colleges Schools College of Liberal Arts School of Fine Arts College of Education and Human Service Professions Labovitz School of Business and Economics Swenson College of Science and Engineering Graduate School Medical School College of Pharmacy Continuing Education Undergraduate Majors Graduate Programs Online Learning Discover the beauty of a University surrounded by nature. Explore UMD Campus Donate Now Because we believe there s value in always giving back. Resources Newly Admitted Students Current Students Faculty Staff Alumni Parents Family Community Visitors UMD News Posted on Dec. 18, 2014 Inne Singgih masters DNA sequencing and graph theory Posted on Dec. 18, 2014 John and Jan Green: Preeminent conservationists Posted on Dec. 11, 2014 Assoc. Professor Jeremy Youde initiates Ebola discussion Posted on Dec. 2, 2014 Faculty UMD Events Jan Womens Basketball vs Bemidji State ... Romano Gym Jan Mens Basketball vs Bemidji State Un... Romano Gym Jan Womens Hockey vs Bemidji State Univ... Amsoil Arena Jan Womens Basketball vs University of ... Romano Gym More Events Academic Calendar Global Navigation About UMD Admissions Academics Campus Life Athletics Arts Culture Resources for: Newly Admitted Students Current Students Faculty Staff Alumni Parents Family Community 1049 University Drive | Duluth, MN 55812 Helpful Links Events Calendars Colleges Schools Library Register for Classes OneStop Student Services Campus Tours UMD News Strategic Planning Campus Climate Support UMD Emergencies Closings Employment Opportunities 2014 Regents of the University of Minnesota. All rights reserved. The University of Minnesota is an equal opportunity educator and employer. Last modified on 12/18/14 08:50 AM Duluth Campus: Maps Directions Parking Transportation Contact UMD Privacy Site Map Directories Did you find what you were looking for? YES NO