Twin Cities - University of Minnesota University of Minnesota , , . Phone: . http://www.umn.edu/ . Campuses: Twin Cities Crookston Duluth Morris Rochester Other Locations Go to the U of M home page One Stop myU Search text Main Navigation About the U Administration Alumni Association Arts Culture Board of Regents Campus Facts Employment Equity Diversity Giving to the U News Our Campuses SafeU Academics and Research Academic Calendar Bookstores Centers and Institutes Colleges Schools Continuing Education Professional Development Courses Courses for High School Students Financial Aid Libraries Majors Minors Online Learning Research Opportunities Study Abroad Admissions Graduate Graduate Professional Schools Graduate Student Housing Undergraduate Application Tracker Apply Online Costs Tuition Financial Aid Scholarships Future Freshman Housing Residential Life International Students Net Price Calculator Transfer Students UofM Promise Scholarship Visit Campus Health and Medicine University of Minnesota Masonic Children's Hospital Bio-Medical Library BioMedical Discovery District Boynton Health Service Giving to Medicine Health Health, Wellness Spirituality Healthy Food Lives Hospitals Clinics SafeU Services Resources In the Community Arts Culture Business Resources Community Service-Learning Center Economic Development Environment Sustainability Extension Global Programs Strategy Alliance K-12 Students Educators Public Engagement Technology Commercialization Urban Outreach Programs Sports and Recreation Sports Facilities Goldy Gopher Gopher Sports Schedule Summer Sports Camps Tickets Recreation Facilities Fitness Programs Intramural Sports Outdoor Recreation Sport Clubs Youth Programs Change my view Change my view --> Stories about the University of Minnesota Wish Upon a Tooth Rubbing the teeth of the Goldy statue while making a wish has become a new tradition on campus. See what some students wished for this fall. Watch video A Real Cure-all From one historic bone marrow transplant, we're discovering ways to make many diseases history. Learn more To Architect a New Reality With a new design for low-income homes, we're putting sustainability and affordability under one roof. Learn more We're Working Tonight A sustainable, affordable home. New food for the world. A cure. ... Watch Solving the world's problems Goldy: the face of the U Take an in-depth look at Goldy Gopher our beloved, head-spinning, national champion mascot with a toothy smile and rich history. Watch video 1 2 3 4 5 University of Minnesota News Events Featured Events More events Did you know? News University of Minnesota to name building in honor of President Emeritus Robert Bruininks People may inherit ‘gut’ bacteria that cause Crohn’s disease and ulcerative colitis Switching to vehicles powered by electricity from renewables could save lives More news U of M Research Mobile version System status University of Minnesota on Social Media Twin Cities Campus: Maps Directions Parking Transportation Contact U of M Privacy Directories Boilerplate 2011 2014 Regents of the University of Minnesota. All rights reserved. The University of Minnesota is an equal opportunity educator and employer. Information current as of December 15, 2014