University of Minnesota, Crookston Campuses : Twin Cities Crookston Duluth Morris Rochester Other Locations University of Minnesota, Crookston www.UMCrookston.edu 1-800-UMC-MINN UMC Today myU OneStop Future Students Apply Now! Request Information (On-Campus Students) Request Information (Online Students) Admissions Tuition ll actually want to get your hands dirty as you learn to work with plants and grow a career in this green industry Learn more > Health Management You don't have to be a doctor to have a rewarding career in healthcare. Good managers are more important than ever... Learn more > Online Degree Programs Personal. Prestigious. Choose from fourteen different programs offered entirely online... Learn more > Aviation Follow your own path by combining aviation with natural resources, agriculture, or law enforcement... Learn more > Equine Science Ride, care for, and work with horses as you learn how to create a successful career in the equine industry... Learn more > Software Engineering Work with our new informatics lab as you design the computer applications people use every day... Learn more > Communication Build an exciting career as a communication expert within the corporate or public forum... Learn more > Manufacturing Management Jump-start your career by building on your existing skills in the manufacturing industry... Learn more > Finance With the ability to understand the markets and how businesses raise and invest capital, you ll be highly employable Learn more > Biology Gain the skills to lead in today's biotech industries or attend graduate school Learn more > Entrepreneurship Learn how to transform your ideas into an actual business venture Learn more > Agricultural Business You'll be surprised at all the options you'll have, regionally and globally, with a career in ag business... Learn more > Early Childhood Ed Help children develop a love of learning. Teach preschool, K-3, or operate a children s center Learn more > IDEA Competition Calling all innovators! Don't miss the 2015 IDEA Competition... Learn more > Homecoming 2014 Join the campus community for a celebration of who we are: the UMC Golden Eagles! Learn more > Criminal Justice Learn the techniques behind crime prevention and investigation as you prepare for an exciting career... Learn more > Agronomy Advances in crop production and seed science help us feed the world. As a graduate you'll be in high demand... Learn more > Marketing Harness your creativity and gain the skills to help products and services find customers in our technology-based economy... Learn more > Environmental Sciences Help shape a more sustainable future through a challenging career in the environmental sciences... Learn more > Information Technology Management The world runs on information technology, and your job is to make that happen... Learn more > Animal Science Whether your goals lie in livestock production or veterinary school, we'll help you prepare... Learn more > Accounting Accounting is the foundation of our economy. Play a key role as an accounting professional... Learn more > Business Management Actively apply the business and management concepts you learn through projects involving real businesses Learn more > Health Sciences Use cutting-edge technology, experiential learning, and personalized academic advising to prepare for a wide spectrum of health-related careers Learn more > Elementary Education Prepare to be an effective teacher of children from Kindergarten to grade six in this program approved by the Minnesota State Board of Teaching Learn more > Golf and Turf Management From golf courses to the commercial turf care industry you'll make sure the grass is always greener... Learn more > Natural Resources The phrase in the field takes on a whole new meaning when nature is your science lab Learn more > Agricultural Systems Management The agriculture industry needs talented people with a wide range of skills. It's a true growing industry Learn more > Summer Camps UMC offers an exciting array of summer camps in June and July... Learn more > Commencement 2014 Every ending leads to a new beginning. Celebrate the Class of 2014 on May 10 Learn more > Women's Basketball Compete in NCAA Division II athletics in the Northern Sun Intercollegiate Conference (NSIC) as a Golden Eagle... Learn more > Football Compete in NCAA Division II athletics in the Northern Sun Intercollegiate Conference (NSIC) as a Golden Eagle Learn more > Inauguration View photos, videos and read the guestbook from the inauguration of Chancellor Wood on April 18. Learn more > Women's Softball Compete in NCAA Division II athletics in the Northern Sun Intercollegiate Conference (NSIC) as a Golden Eagle... Learn more > Baseball Compete in NCAA Division II athletics in the Northern Sun Intercollegiate Conference (NSIC) as a Golden Eagle... Learn more > Men's Basketball Compete in the NCAA Division II athletics in the Northern Sun Intercollegiate Conference (NSIC) as a Golden Eagle... Learn more > Natural Resources The phrase in the field takes on a whole new meaning when nature is your science lab... Learn more > Volleyball Compete in NCAA Division II athletics in the Northern Sun Intercollegiate Conference (NSIC) as a Golden Eagle Learn more > 26 Majors With several new programs, we offer more options than ever! Learn more > Athletics Compete in NCAA Division II athletics in the Northern Sun Intercollegiate Conference (NSIC) as a Golden Eagle Learn more > Quality Management Build your career ensuring quality control and safety of products and related systems Learn more > Soccer Compete in NCAA Division II athletics in the Northern Sun Intercollegiate Conference (NSIC) as a Golden Eagle Learn more > U of M Crookston Ranks Number 1 by U.S. News in Category Midwest Top Public Regional Colleges read more Quick Facts Chancellor's Office Dept. Office Directory Mission Vision Employment HR History Alumni Development The Crookston Community Other U of M Locations Admissions - Freshman Students - Transfer Students - Online Students - International Students Visit Campus Maps Directions Request Info Apply Online Costs Financial Aid Living on Campus Academic Majors Degrees Academic Departments Online Learning Academic Calendar Course Catalog Class Schedules Registration Transcripts Library Center for Adult Learning AQIP Academic Affairs Golden Eagle Athletics Teambackers UMC Today Events Calendar News Releases Student Organizations Sustainability Give to UMC University Relations Email Calendar | APLUS NetFiles | MyU | APAS Incident Reporting One Stop Business Office Computer Help Desk Student Affairs Residential Life Career Development Counseling Department Facilities Operations UMC Bookstore Address: 2900 University Ave. , Crookston, MN 56716 Phone: 800-UMC-MINN | 800-862-6466 Contact UMC 2014 Regents of the University of Minnesota. All rights reserved. The University of Minnesota is an equal opportunity educator and employer. Information current as of December 23, 2014 UMC Home Directories Maps Directions Contact Webmaster Privacy