Academics - Purdue University Quick Links Loading Find Info For Find Info For Current Students Prospective Students Alumni and Friends Engage with Purdue Careers Research and Innovation Quick Links Apply News President Shop Visit Give Emergency Menu Home Admissions Academics Arts and Culture Research and Partnerships Alumni and Friends Athletics About Academics Astronauts. Inventors. Leaders. Our rigorous academic programs led by some of the top professors in the world prepare students for all different walks of life. We empower our students to move the world forward. Academic Calendar Online Writing Lab Registrar Undergraduates Colleges/Schools Libraries Learning Communities Academic Support and Tutoring Also On Campus Graduate School Honors College Conferences Summer Camps Off Campus Distance Learning Zip Trips Study Abroad Youth Programs Important Offices Provost Advising Student Affairs International Students and Scholars Purdue Academics News Feel the frustration You could say Caleb Trujillo is taking his frustrations out in graduate school. As one of the first students in Purdue's burgeoning biology education graduate program , Caleb is leading the pack in a growing discipline that looks at how people learn biology. "Molecular biology is a difficult subject to learn and a lot of what I'm doing now is driven by that frustration as an undergrad," Caleb says. "How can we better teach the next generations of scientists?" Caleb knows that need for education reform in STEM disciplines is critical at all levels. Caleb is also full of pedal power he is one of the top local players of bike polo, which combines biking and hockey. Players ride bicycles and wield polo mallets. Communication Employee Portal Blackboard Purdue Today myMail Outlook myPurdue Campus Faculty and Staff AIS Physical Facilities Directory Campus Map Construction Information Shop Calendar Libraries Information Technology Tuition Calculator Center for Healthy Living People Human Resources Speak Up Diversity Inclusion Ethics Compliance Public Safety Timely Warnings Purdue University, 610 Purdue Mall, West Lafayette, IN 47907, (765) 494-4600 2014 Purdue University | An equal access/equal opportunity university | Copyright Complaints | Maintained by Marketing and Media If you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability, please contact Purdue Marketing and Media at online@purdue.edu .