Current Students - Purdue University Quick Links Loading Find Info For Find Info For Current Students Prospective Students Alumni and Friends Engage with Purdue Careers Research and Innovation Quick Links Apply News President Shop Visit Give Emergency Menu Home Admissions Academics Arts and Culture Research and Partnerships Alumni and Friends Athletics About Current Students You're busy. We get it. That's why we've created this section of the website just for you no more searching around for things like Blackboard, dining court menus and important course information. Current information for current students. myPurdue BlackBoard Menus Student Services PUSH (Student Health) International Programs Registrar Bursar Financial Aid Housing and Food Career Resources CCO Career Fairs Internships Co-ops Student Jobs Campus Life Student Organizations Athletics Cultural Centers Student Union Board (PSUB) Rec Sports Bicycle Information Academic Graduate School Research Opportunities Study Abroad Student Success Online Writing Lab Supplemental Instruction Purdue Student News Medicine with a personal touch What do you get when you combine a passion for medicine with a heart for the people of Africa? You get Chris Kulczar a Purdue graduate student who's ready to use his knowledge to help improve the lives of families here in the U.S. and across the globe. When he was a student in high school, Chris lost his mother to melanoma. He says that devastating loss led to his interest in pharmaceutical manufacturing. Chris says he enjoys working with the Sustainable Medicines in Africa program to help move Africa closer to self-sufficiency in the manufacture of medicines and the achievement of true independence. "The hope is that by giving people knowledge and proper training, some of the issues can be mitigated," Chris says. Communication Employee Portal Blackboard Purdue Today myMail Outlook myPurdue Campus Faculty and Staff AIS Physical Facilities Directory Campus Map Construction Information Shop Calendar Libraries Information Technology Tuition Calculator Center for Healthy Living People Human Resources Speak Up Diversity Inclusion Ethics Compliance Public Safety Timely Warnings Purdue University, 610 Purdue Mall, West Lafayette, IN 47907, (765) 494-4600 2014 Purdue University | An equal access/equal opportunity university | Copyright Complaints | Maintained by Marketing and Media If you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability, please contact Purdue Marketing and Media at online@purdue.edu .