Office of the President - Purdue University Quick Links Loading Find Info For Find Info For Current Students Prospective Students Alumni and Friends Engage with Purdue Careers Research and Innovation Quick Links Apply News President Shop Visit Give Emergency Office of the President Menu Home About Mitchell E. Daniels, Jr. Biography Curriculum Vitae for Mitchell E. Daniels Jr. Purdue First Lady Cheri Daniels Contact Events President's Faculty Colloquia Media Purdue's 12th President in the News Gallup-Purdue Index Daniels Selected as Purdue President Podcasts Photos Speeches Select speeches by Mitchell E. Daniels Jr. President's Forums September 24 President's Forum 2014 President's Forums Feb. 13 President's Forum April 30 President's Forum 2013 President's Forums March 28 President's Forum April 25 President's Forum Sept. 12 President's Forum Oct. 3 President's Forum Nov. 7 President's Forum Presidential Appearance Request Form Messages Purdue President Mitchell E. Daniels Jr. Highlights Twitter The Statehouse File: Challenges before colleges and universities December 15, 2014 Christian Science Monitor: More college students should have internships Nov. 13, 2014 C-SPAN Washington Journal: President Daniels interviewed as part of the Big Ten tour Sept. 23, 2014 At Purdue, a Case Study in Cost Cuts July 25, 2014 Tweets by @purduemitch An Open Letter to the People of Purdue January 2014 To the Purdue campus community, One year ago today I took up my new assignment as your Purdue colleague. I did so with the deepest respect for Purdue's great history and traditions, but also in the knowledge that we have entered a period of momentous change for all of higher education, with predictions in many quarters of upheaval or even widespread failure of long-standing institutions. Fortunately, one of Purdue's strongest traditions is that of constant innovation, of continuous improvement, of steadily striving to build "one brick higher." In August, after months of consultation with faculty and other campus leadership, we announced a series of actions aimed at propelling our university further forward in both its teaching and discovery missions, and to addressing head-on many of the challenges now confronting all of higher education. Before I or anyone could devise a catchy label for the ten selected initiatives, an informal colloquialism stuck, and they have become known as the Big Moves. As a slogan, it may be pedestrian, but the ambition it embodies is not: Successful implementation would stamp Purdue as a global leader in areas that we believe fit our historic land-grant mission and matter most to the society of today. The Morrill Act, which Abraham Lincoln signed in 1862, committed the nation to construct new colleges with two principal goals: to throw open the doors of higher education to a much wider swath of the population, and to promote technological progress in "agriculture and the mechanical arts." At its sesquicentennial, the act's purposes are at least as relevant as at its inception. One study after another informs the nation that economic success requires thousands more engineers, scientists, and technologically adept citizens. To read more, click here or ( download a pdf ). Sincerely, Mitchell E. Daniels Jr. President Messages In the News Presidential Lecture Series Communication Employee Portal Blackboard Purdue Today myMail Outlook myPurdue Campus Faculty and Staff AIS Physical Facilities Directory Campus Map Construction Information Shop Calendar Libraries Information Technology Tuition Calculator Center for Healthy Living People Human Resources Speak Up Diversity Inclusion Ethics Compliance Public Safety Timely Warnings Purdue University, 610 Purdue Mall, West Lafayette, IN 47907, (765) 494-4600 2014 Purdue University | An equal access/equal opportunity university | Copyright Complaints | Maintained by Marketing and Media If you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability, please contact Purdue Marketing and Media at online@purdue.edu .