About - Purdue University Quick Links Loading Find Info For Find Info For Current Students Prospective Students Alumni and Friends Engage with Purdue Careers Research and Innovation Quick Links Apply News President Shop Visit Give Emergency Menu Home Admissions Academics Arts and Culture Research and Partnerships Alumni and Friends Athletics About About History. Traditions. Achievements. The Boilermaker story is full of milestones that have had a significant impact on our state, nation and world. See for yourself how Purdue fulfills its mission. Enrollment Strategic Plan News Administration Office of the President Board of Trustees Faculty Senate Office of the Provost Data Statistics Data Digest Rankings Traditions History Across Indiana Technical Assistance Program Extension Offices Research Parks Tech Online Regional Campuses IPFW IUPUI North Central Calumet Purdue Moves News The Dr (Pepper) is in Taylor Zike has taken brotherly love to a whole new level one that has changed the course of his life. Growing up, Taylor and his older brother, Derek, were the biggest rivals. But that all changed in 2009, when Derek suffered an injury during a game of hockey. Seeing the doctors work on Derek inspired Taylor to change his career goals. He s now a Movement and Sports Sciences major with an eye toward becoming a doctor. He is my hero and he s the reason I want to go to medical school, Taylor says. Taylor also shared his story through a promotion with Dr Pepper and received a scholarship and his picture on cans and bottles of the drink. Communication Employee Portal Blackboard Purdue Today myMail Outlook myPurdue Campus Faculty and Staff AIS Physical Facilities Directory Campus Map Construction Information Shop Calendar Libraries Information Technology Tuition Calculator Center for Healthy Living People Human Resources Speak Up Diversity Inclusion Ethics Compliance Public Safety Timely Warnings Purdue University, 610 Purdue Mall, West Lafayette, IN 47907, (765) 494-4600 2014 Purdue University | An equal access/equal opportunity university | Copyright Complaints | Maintained by Marketing and Media If you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability, please contact Purdue Marketing and Media at online@purdue.edu .