Art and Culture - Purdue University Quick Links Loading Find Info For Find Info For Current Students Prospective Students Alumni and Friends Engage with Purdue Careers Research and Innovation Quick Links Apply News President Shop Visit Give Emergency Menu Home Admissions Academics Arts and Culture Research and Partnerships Alumni and Friends Athletics About Arts and Culture Educational. Inspirational. Awesome. Here you'll find cultural centers, theatres, art galleries and that's just the beginning. Discover for yourself how entertainment and education combine in powerful ways at Purdue. Convocations Student Union Board WBAA Lecture Series Presidential Lecture Series Discovery Lecture Series Corporate Citizenship and Ethics Series Krannert Leadership Speaker Series Art Galleries Patti and Rusty Rueff Galleries Robert L. Ringel Gallery Fountain Gallery Cultural Centers Programs Black Cultural Center Latino Cultural Center Native American Educational Cultural Center LGBTQ Center Confuscius Institute Music Stage Purdue Musical Organizations Purdue Bands Dance Theatre Purdue Arts Culture News All the world's a stage A love of world literature brought Yuhan Huang to Purdue. Outstanding faculty and a vibrant campus community have kept her here. She is using her passion for literature and the arts to inspire other students. Yuhan is also playing a leading role in an effort to establish an Asian and Asian-American Resource and Cultural Center at Purdue. In 2013, Yuhan helped to organize the sixth Sino-American Symposium at Purdue, one of the most important events for comparative literature scholars. As a graduate teaching assistant, Yuhan leads classes on the Chinese language, along with teaching an undergraduate course on film. She says, "Films help some students come out of their shells." Communication Employee Portal Blackboard Purdue Today myMail Outlook myPurdue Campus Faculty and Staff AIS Physical Facilities Directory Campus Map Construction Information Shop Calendar Libraries Information Technology Tuition Calculator Center for Healthy Living People Human Resources Speak Up Diversity Inclusion Ethics Compliance Public Safety Timely Warnings Purdue University, 610 Purdue Mall, West Lafayette, IN 47907, (765) 494-4600 2014 Purdue University | An equal access/equal opportunity university | Copyright Complaints | Maintained by Marketing and Media If you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability, please contact Purdue Marketing and Media at online@purdue.edu .