Athletics - Purdue University Quick Links Loading Find Info For Find Info For Current Students Prospective Students Alumni and Friends Engage with Purdue Careers Research and Innovation Quick Links Apply News President Shop Visit Give Emergency Menu Home Admissions Academics Arts and Culture Research and Partnerships Alumni and Friends Athletics About Athletics Boiler Up! Whether you live for life on the sidelines, want to join an intramural team or have already played for thousands of cheering fans, find your perfect way to stay connected with Boilermaker athletics. Purdue Athletics Rec Sports Intramurals Boiler Up John Purdue Club Purdue Fan Gear Ticket Info Purdue Pete Appearances Competitions Fun Club Sports Golf Courses Tennis Center Aquatics Center Fun For All Bass Fishing Juggling and Unicycling Dance Student Organizations Your Health Running Trails Personal Training Student Wellness Student Health Center Purdue Athletics News Platform for change She's one of the most celebrated Purdue women's basketball players , earning Big Ten awards and setting school records. But what is most remarkable about Courtney Moses is her leadership off the court and her commitment to helping others. "As an athlete, you have such a big platform," she says. "I wanted to use mine to the best of the ability I've been blessed with and leave a mark that s there for years to come." Courtney joined with other Purdue student-athletes to create Boiler-Maker-Wish, a Boilermaker version of Make-A-Wish. The program grants Purdue sports-themed wishes to local kids living with a disability or hardship. The project has since granted wishes to five children. Communication Employee Portal Blackboard Purdue Today myMail Outlook myPurdue Campus Faculty and Staff AIS Physical Facilities Directory Campus Map Construction Information Shop Calendar Libraries Information Technology Tuition Calculator Center for Healthy Living People Human Resources Speak Up Diversity Inclusion Ethics Compliance Public Safety Timely Warnings Purdue University, 610 Purdue Mall, West Lafayette, IN 47907, (765) 494-4600 2014 Purdue University | An equal access/equal opportunity university | Copyright Complaints | Maintained by Marketing and Media If you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability, please contact Purdue Marketing and Media at online@purdue.edu .